Linked metallocenes can also be formed by introducing several <unk> substituents onto a single cyclopentadienyl ligand ..
" Like the former , Adrien Begrand of PopMatters wrote enthusiastically for both Cavalera Conspiracy and Inflikted ..
It has been suggested that the " spirit hands " in the séances of Home were made of gloves stuffed with a substance.
Evidence during a board of inquiry later showed that it was a friendly fire incident involving U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy aircraft mistaking the ships for enemy targets.
The cave @-@ dwelling predators capture crustaceans under 1 mm ( 0 @.@ 039 in ) long by entangling them with fine threads , digest them by enveloping them with further threads over the course of a few days , and then return to their normal shape ; there is no evidence that they use venom ..
It acquired a Nielsen rating of 12 @.@ 9 , and was the highest @-@ rated show on the Fox network the week it aired ..
An on set video and stills were released on August 12 , 2009 , followed by a preview of the clip on August 27 , 2009.
With the eventual commercial dominance of West Coast gangsta rap , particularly the emergence of the relaxed sounds of G @-@ funk by the early nineties , the East Coast new school / golden age can be said to have ended , with hardcore rappers such as the Wu @-@ Tang Clan and gangsta rappers such as Nas and The Notorious B.I.G. coming to dominate the East Coast scene ..
Bordeaux won the tie with a 3 – 1 aggregate scoreline to advance to the quarter @-@ finals , where they faced league rivals Lyon.
" Born into what was then a peasant family , the earlier al @-@ Zayyat studied at Al @-@ Azhar University before taking up legal studies in Cairo and Paris ; he taught Arabic literature at American University in Cairo , and for three years in Baghdad , before founding al @-@ Risala in 1933 ..
However in 2012 , the Harper government publicly rejected the bid , saying the redesigned Arrow program was risky , would take too long to develop , and would be too expensive ..
" When the pub closed , the group moved on to SEX , where Lydon , who had given little thought to singing , was convinced to improvise along to Alice Cooper 's " I 'm Eighteen " on the shop jukebox.
Turkish sick are given as 64 @,@ 000 ..
The BBC Drama department commissioned a dramatisation of the murders and the investigation from screenwriter Stephen <unk>.
It is also found in western Canada.
On 31 January , the effort to retake the city began anew.
It is not especially large , brightly colored , specifically shaped or selectively displayed during courtship.
The original title of the episode was " The Visitors ' Room ".
The result of this was the formation in the 1940s of the Garibaldi Névé Traverse , an overnight adventure that ( weather permitting ) can include a fine descent of Mount Garibaldi ..
Tia was subsequently last noted by TCWC Nadi and JTWC later that day as it crossed a part of its former track , where it had been producing hurricane @-@ force windspeeds a few days earlier ..
Daniel Koren of PMA noted that the song recalls some of The @-@ Dream 's most Prince @-@ esque tracks , " Fast Car " and " Yamaha ".
Romero Chinchay also said that when she told van der Sloot that she noticed he was signing various documents with very different signatures , he signaled for her to be quiet ..
" Resentment " used Curtis Mayfield 's 1972 " Think ( Instrumental ) " , from the Super Fly soundtrack.
It was replaced by Carol in the 1965 season ..
The song was featured in the fourth episode of series three of the TV drama Skins , and , also , an instrumental version is used as accompanying music by Match of the Day 2 during the review segment showing the goals.
Similar to a first @-@ person shooter , the game uses a first @-@ person perspective and includes shooting , but there are other non @-@ violent gameplay options.
On February 20 , 1877 , an act entitled " Act to increase the supply of food fishes in the rivers and waters of this State " was passed by the West Virginia Legislature creating the West Virginia Fish Commission for the purpose of propagating <unk> for the stocking of streams in West Virginia to transform them into viable fisheries.
The pronunciation of long and short vowels depends on the syllable 's position in the word.
Lawrence went to the city with a camcorder , and filmed areas filled with crowds.
Though Birmingham had less pedigree in the competition , the press viewed them as favourites.
The 2009 Six Nations also saw former England Captain Martin Johnson take up the job of head coach.
Many notable military commanders are alumni ; James A. Winnefeld , Jr. who currently serves as the ninth Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Philip M. Breedlove who currently serves as the Commander , U.S. Air Forces in Europe , William L. Ball was the 67th Secretary of the Navy , John M. Brown III is the Commander of the United States Army Pacific Command , and Leonard Wood was Chief of Staff of the Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for helping capture of the Apache chief Geronimo.
General Zhang Huan ( <unk> ) favored the eunuchs.
The name Wells comes from three wells dedicated to Saint Andrew , one in the market place and two within the grounds of the Bishop 's Palace and cathedral.
When Lady returns from a fifteen @-@ week hospital stay , she abandons Lad to play with their son Wolf , whom she no longer recognizes.
Following an inconclusive engagement off Île Ronde on 22 October 1794 , the French squadron on Île de France had remained under blockade at Port Louis and thus most of the British naval forces in the East Indies were available for the campaign against the Batavian territories.
Milk had recently taken a new lover , a young man named Jack Lira , who was frequently drunk in public , and just as often escorted out of political events by Milk 's aides.
An 1830 inventory by Brugada indicates that the work took a full wall between two windows on the first floor , opposite A Pilgrimage to San Isidro.
In addition , technological progress , particularly in armor production techniques — first Harvey armor and then Krupp armor — rapidly rendered older vessels like Ruggiero di Lauria obsolete ..
However , in 1866 Congress authorized the railroad companies to build a line through the area , and created numbered lots of one square mile ( or 640 acres ( 3 km2 ) ) each.
On Sunday , " Love Help Me " , " I 'm So Glad " ( with a classical music prelude entitled " Happiness " ) and " Mandrake Root " were recorded.
Neither boat club president was able to row through injury.
Many grey reef sharks have a home range on a specific area of the reef , to which they continually return.
The work is a setting of Apollinaire 's play of the same name , staged in 1917.
Cena made his WWE television debut on the June 27 , 2002 episode of SmackDown ! by answering an open challenge by Kurt Angle.
Themistocles , with his power @-@ base firmly established among the poor , moved naturally to fill the vacuum left by Miltiades 's death , and in that decade became the most influential politician in Athens.
In 2005 , she appeared in the CGI film Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children , set two years after the events of the game.
Rothbard 's colleague Joseph Stromberg notes that Rothbard made two exceptions to his general condemnation of war : " the American Revolution and the War for Southern Independence , as viewed from the Confederate side.
The performance was the first 40 @-@ point / 20 @-@ rebound effort of the 2013 – 14 NBA season.
The bachelor auction was created solely to provide more evidence that Apu is the best bachelor in Springfield.
For most of his life and entire Congressional career , Frank was known as a Jew.
The Hoxne Hoard ( / <unk> / HOK @-@ <unk> ) is the largest hoard of late Roman silver and gold discovered in Britain , and the largest collection of gold and silver coins of the fourth and fifth century found anywhere within the Roman Empire.
" Another profile calls him " a product of the atomic age " and describes how his classmates dreamed of unlocking the energy of the atom , while Hubbard himself sought to " discover the basic equations of life force , simply , to him , another kind of energy.
British forces boarded the damaged ship and eventually deported the passengers.
The recoilless rifle platoon had its own medical corpsman , Navy Hospitalman First Class George " Doc " Mitchell , who provided the majority of medical care for Reckless ..
Her stylist , Alex Foden , borrowed her " instantly recognisable " beehive hairdo ( a weave ) and she borrowed her Cleopatra makeup from The Ronettes.
As a three @-@ year @-@ old , Americus also won the Culver Stakes ..
It was also included in the book titled 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
For example , the classifier 匹 pǐ used for horses is meaningless today , but in Classical Chinese may have referred to a " team of two horses " , a pair of horse skeletons , or the pairing between man and horse.
The case began when the investigation of an automobile rollover accident during Mateen Cleaves ' 1996 Michigan Wolverines recruiting trip revealed a curious relationship between Martin and the team.
The website also received national and international coverage for its endorsement of Trump 's proposal of a temporary moratorium on admitting foreign Muslims into the country ; it proclaimed " Heil Donald Trump – The Ultimate Savior ".
The pier was re @-@ designated a Grade 1 listed building in 2001 , the only other pier with this status being Brighton 's West Pier ( largely destroyed by fire and storms between 2002 and 2004 ) ..
He made 11 batting at No. 9 , including a six from Jim Laker as Australia made 552.
Perhaps also under the impression that the Australians had withdrawn , the North Koreans failed to press their attack.
The turret armor was strengthened to 10 inches ( 254 mm ) , while 4 inches ( 102 mm ) were added to portions of the deck armor.
Kevin Yeoman of The Christian Science Monitor and E ! Online journalist Tierney Bricker concluded that the episode managed to effectively surprise the audience , while Cyriaque Lamar of io9 declared that " Judge , Jury , Executioner " was inferior to its predecessor by writing that it " served up a bunch of quasi @-@ entertaining scenes of people arguing and capped them off with one of the most accidentally funny closers ever committed to basic cable ".
Submerged arc welding ( SAW ) is a high @-@ productivity welding method in which the arc is struck beneath a covering layer of flux.
Dark Angel returned to Stardom on August 17 to make her third successful title defense against Takumi <unk>.
Diageo attributed the growth in no small part to the positive reception garnered by noitulovE ..
And yet , you want to devour the next episode immediately.
Above all , said Twentyman , " he wanted to know if the lad had the heart to play for Liverpool ".
Fraser McAlpine from BBC wrote a mixed review for the song , recognizing Aguilera 's maturity in the lyrics.
Other institutions also have a reputation for having a " Hooray Henry " image.
This entailed three airborne divisions capturing bridges to be used subsequently by the British Second Army.
The Earl of Lancaster and the Despensers were fierce enemies , and Lancaster 's antipathy was shared by most of the Despensers ' neighbours , including the Earl of Hereford , the Mortimer family and the recently elevated Hugh Audley and Roger Damory.
This committee duly met , examining the President 's bank accounts , and summoning members of the Cabinet to testify.
Packers , prepared to carry supplies for cash , were available along the route but would charge up to $ 1 ( $ 27 ) per lb ( 0 @.@ 45 kg ) on the later stages ; many of these packers were Natives , members of the Tlingit people or , less commonly , the Tagish.
The Ocean Highway between Bethany Beach and Rehoboth Beach was completed in 1933.
Dissolved inert gases such as nitrogen or helium can form bubbles in the blood and tissues of the diver if the partial pressures of the dissolved gases in the diver gets too high when compared to the ambient pressure.
The remainder of the song consists of descriptions of and encounters with a dry out house , a cleaning lady , a feminist wearing anti @-@ nicotine and anti @-@ nuclear badges , and a " half @-@ wit " child.
The single went on to sell nearly 40 @,@ 000 copies.
He took over command from Oberleutnant Eberhard <unk> , who had been taken prisoner of war.
It follows the main characters as they battle the Titans while in junior high school.
It is also inedible due to its bitter taste.
Her albums ' social commentary and storytelling have incited debate on the " invigoratingly complex " politics of the issues she highlighted in the album , breaking taboos while the West was engaged in the 2003 Iraq War in the Middle East during the Presidency of George W. Bush.
Christopher Nicholas <unk> ( born December 19 , 1967 ) , better known by the stage name Criss Angel , is an American magician and illusionist.
" Going , Going , Gone " picks up about one month after the crash , and throughout the episode , features home videos of Sloan.
The song is a typical 6 / 8 ballad and features piano triplets , including an organ.
We saw what she was capable of , what she wanted to say , where she wanted to be , what she wanted to be.
Leonardo DiCaprio stated that he had a meeting with Schumacher about appearing in the film , but was ultimately not cast ..
The earliest surviving written material which contains the works of Sushruta is the Bower Manuscript — dated to the 4th century CE ..
It is one of the de : <unk> @-@ <unk> 486 @.@ 0 class , and has a green livery.
After having captured or destroyed the forts in the valley , the plan called for Gillespie to either move eastwards to expel Amar Singh Thapa 's troops from Srinagar , or westwards to take Nahan , the largest town in the <unk> district , where Amar Singh 's son , <unk> Singh Thapa , controlled the government.
The four largest companies in the city were Mitsubishi Shipyards , Electrical Shipyards , Arms Plant , and Steel and Arms Works , which employed about 90 % of the city 's labor force , and accounted for 90 % of the city 's industry.
But , he says , they did not become similar by borrowing directly from each other , only by adapting in similar ways to the Greco @-@ Roman religious environment.
Sharett " fought a battle of telephones and cables , " Bauer writes , and on 11 June he and the Jewish Agency intelligence group were finally introduced to Brand.
Jack <unk> , who continued working on the Daily Worker , died in 1966.
He announced this with a notice in the Aberdeen Press and Journal of 12 September 1952 : " Dr E. Forbes @-@ Sempill henceforth wishes to be known as Dr Ewan Forbes @-@ Sempill ".
During the tour Editors were nominated for a Brit Award , in the Best British Group Category.
Film scholar Andy Klein wrote that the film is " almost a distillation of [ Woo 's ] post @-@ 1986 work.
They may be a variety of colors , such as white to yellow , olive green , shades of orange , light brown , or dark brown in age ..
" Vicky Frost from the media blog <unk> felt that although the storyline was decent , " it did seem to be about three different episodes stuffed into one.
The tour grossed $ 43 @.@ 7 million , becoming the second highest grossing tour of 2002 by a female artist , behind Cher 's Farewell Tour.
Abe concludes that time travel is simply too dangerous , and uses a second apparatus ( his " failsafe box , " built before the experiment 's beginning and kept continuously running in a secret location ) , traveling back four days to prevent the experiment 's launch ..
During the winter , rapid snowmelt on Mount Jumbo due to its steep slope leaves grass available for grazing elk and mule deer.
Robbie Daw of Idolator wrote , " Lady A 's [ ... ] " Just A Kiss " video got us choked up after one viewing.
The airframe had flown 22 @,@ 068 flying hours , and had undergone an inspection 105 hours before the accident.
They habitually met from early morning and spent their days eating together before deciding to form a band.
On the Rap Songs chart , the song debuted at number 25 in the issue dated June 23 , 2012 , and peaked at number 15 in the issue dated August 11 , 2012.
According to Robert Hilburn from Los Angeles Times , it was performed with equal energy and style of the album 's quality.
Another very important mode is the G mode ( G from graphite ).
Bevin responded with a web site tying Conway to President Barack Obama , who was very unpopular in Kentucky , saying that Conway would support environmental regulations that harm the coal industry and support the Affordable Care Act , which was also unpopular in the state , despite its nationally praised insurance exchange ..
NATO also pledged itself to stand ready to assist any member country in dealing with potential or real terrorist attacks.
With only a small local population during medieval times , as a result of the introduction of industry , mass migration of village workers into Oldham occurred , resulting in a population change from under 2 @,@ 000 in 1714 to 12 @,@ 000 in 1801 to 137 @,@ 000 in 1901 In 1851 its population of 52 @,@ 820 made Oldham the 12th most populous town in England.
Lincoln had become burdened with bad debt resulting from its past aggressiveness , and by early 1986 , its investment practices were being investigated and audited by the FHLBB : in particular , whether it had violated these direct investment rules ; Lincoln had directed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation @-@ insured accounts into commercial real estate ventures.
Tony Richardson 's production for the English Stage Company transferred from the Royal Court to the Palace Theatre in September 1957 ; after that it toured and returned to the Palace.
When Lisa started saying " Bart " repeatedly , Bart replies " Suffering <unk> ! " which is Sylvester the Cat 's catchphrase ..
Aside from Brown and Johnston 's inclusion , Australia 's team was the same as that which started the previous Ashes series in 1946 – 47 , which they won 3 – 0 ..
Artwork for cards was provided by artists such as Alex Garner and Adam Kubert.
Cylindrical in shape , it splits down one side to release the seed , which are ripe from February to June.
The first fossil cetaceans near shallow seas ( where porpoises inhabit ) were found around the North Pacific ; species like <unk> were found along California ( in what was then estuaries ).
The writer and director Mark Aldridge scripted the character of Peter with Nesbitt in mind to play him.
The project was overseen by Premier Health employee Joann Ringer , who later became chief operating officer of the facility ..
" God Help the Outcasts " was written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz , both songwriters who had just recently collaborated on writing the music for Disney 's Pocahontas ( 1995 ).
<unk> states the song " drives remorse into the cold hearts of those involved.
Amulets and idols fashioned from assorted natural materials have occupied an important place among many ethnic groups of Madagascar for centuries.
At the same time , an alternate route of NY 12E extending from the modern junction of NY 12E and NY 180 to downtown Watertown along the northern bank of the Black River was designated as NY 12F.
The two men became close , and Mortimer paid for Forbes ' travels through the West , looking at potential hospital sites for the wounded World War I veterans.
In a review for New York magazine , Emily Nussbaum lauded one of Blair 's fantasies , which involves " joining the Peace Corps , getting a killer tan , winning the Nobel Peace Prize , and having dinner with the president , ' who would then write her a recommendation to Yale , and then Yale would fall all over themselves to accept her.
The fungus — limited in distribution to California — fruits almost exclusively with Monterey and bishop pine , two trees with small and scattered natural ranges concentrated in the West Coast of the United States.
On January 11 , Spinks ( with a high run of 51 ) beat former amateur champion and then @-@ pro Calvin Demarest , 250 – 199 , in only 15 innings – despite scoring 0 points in 4 innings and only 1 @-@ point in another – by building several solid runs in the innings in which things went his way.
In 1929 , Perkins , who was also a member of the Connecticut Forest and Park Association and its Blue Blazed Trails committee , found Ned Anderson , a farmer in Sherman , Connecticut , who took on the task of mapping and blazing the Connecticut leg of the trail ( 1929 – 1933 ).
When the tribune interposed his person to aid an individual against a magistrate or another citizen , it was called <unk>.
The first two levels were excavated , the findings includes a temple named Enceinte Sacrée , which was the largest in the city but it is unknown for whom it was dedicated.
After Lynott 's death in 1986 , various incarnations of the band have emerged over the years based initially around guitarists Scott Gorham and John Sykes , though Sykes left the band in 2009.
He argued that the administration was playing politics with the Vietnam War by trying to complete a treaty before the election to favor the Vice President.
Wong continued to be assigned supporting roles.
Chinese athletes last competed at the 1952 Summer Games but had since withdrawn from the IOC due to a dispute over Taiwan 's participation as a separate country.
Rodríguez had podium finishes in both the Giro and Vuelta in 2012 , as well as winning the UCI World Tour.
The Xianbei reached their apogee under Tanshihuai ( <unk> ) ( d.
According to him , " Short Term Shaadi was just a working title that attached itself to this film through the making.
He had recently been named the state 's attorney general by Governor John Adair.
By Andorran standards , qualification for the 2006 World Cup was successful.
The molars are high @-@ cusped , almost hypsodont.
A disturbance that moved out of the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) developed into a tropical depression to the east of British Honduras ( modern day Belize ) on June 2.
The party coaxed Palestinians towards defying British rule by staging demonstrations and political and social boycotts.
The portion of the turnpike west of East Whitehall became part of US 4 in 1927 ; however , US 4 was realigned in the mid @-@ 1940s to follow a new , more direct highway between Whitehall and the Vermont state line at Fair Haven , Vermont.
Two minutes before the end of the match Cardiff had a chance to score.
In Germany , various groups established that explicitly rejected their religion 's völkisch and right @-@ wing past , most notably <unk> ( Raven 's Clan ) in 1994 and <unk> <unk> ( Kin of the Norns ) in 2005.
Oelrichs also published poetry under the name Michael Strange.
One addition was the covering of the facade with tiles.
His authority in the PJ was also held in doubt , as he was unable to run for another re @-@ election and the party sought a candidate for the 1999 elections.
The period since 1853 had been one of peace and prosperity for Brazil : " The political system functioned smoothly.
In his review of the case for The New Yorker , Lincoln Caplan described the Court 's opinion as " particularly unjust " because the Court " had the opportunity to hold a state prosecutor to account for using trumped @-@ up reasons to justify racial discrimination in a jury selection " but failed to do so ..
Despite her luck , in 1994 her winnings fell to $ 500 @,@ 000 , and she spent much of her time over the next four years in the law courts claiming that the casino operators had tampered with her machines and deceived her to keep her winning ..
He followed this up a week later with a try @-@ scoring man of the match performance against St. Helens as Wigan won their first cup semi @-@ final since 2004.
Finding no allies , he attempted to return to Iowa but events overtook him and led to the Battle of Stillman 's Run.
He refused to release them until he 'd been reimbursed for the sessions , and Alternative Tentacles couldn 't immediately afford to pay.
Rosenbaum relished the opportunities he gets to show Lex 's evil side , even if it is only for a few seconds in earlier seasons.
As a result , there was no convoy for Hipper to attack.
On the ensuing kickoff the Steelers recovered a Patriots ' fumble and Roethlisberger connected with Hines Ward for an 11 @-@ yard touchdown pass.
In 2003 , McKellen made a guest appearance as himself on the American cartoon show The Simpsons , in a special British @-@ themed episode entitled " The Regina Monologues " , along with the then UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and author J. K. Rowling.
Komara terms Johnson 's guitar playing a " blues harp style ".
Despite the evidence of considerable naval activity in this period , earlier scholars believed that the Roman navy had all but vanished by the 4th century , but more recent work has altered this picture towards a transformation into a mainly fluvial and coastal force , designed for close co @-@ operation with the army ..
It was written and produced by Chad Hugo and Pharrell Williams ( known collectively as The Neptunes ).
He concluded that " It ’ s that blend of new beginnings and closing circles that makes ' <unk> ' an effective second @-@ to @-@ last chapter of The Office ".
About 564 homes were demolished and an additional 1 @,@ 382 were damaged , 583 of them severely.
Also joining from Team RadioShack were stagiaire George Bennett – signing his first professional contract – as well as Ben Hermans , Ben King , and Portuguese duo Tiago Machado , and Nelson Oliveira.
These two stars are assumed to be at approximately the same distance as Eta Carinae , all formed from the same molecular cloud , but the distances are too great for parallaxes to be reliable.
On April 10 , 2004 , at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas , Judah fought Cory Spinks for the Undisputed Welterweight Championship.
With an even greater investment of sound engineering , DGM has released " official bootlegs " , which are produced from one or more fan bootlegs.
A production called The Tempest : A Musical was produced at the Cherry Lane Theatre in New York City in December 2006 , with a concept credited to Thomas Meehan and a script by Daniel <unk> ( who also wrote the songs ) and Ryan Knowles.
The facility was known as the Clinton Laboratories , and was operated by the University of Chicago as part of the Metallurgical Laboratory project ..
His fundraising abilities grew the college 's endowment expanded from $ 2 @.@ 3 million to nearly $ 11 million.
Mourners also dance to both the débòt and bélè , accompanied zo or tibwa and ka ..
Owen followed the Germans back to their trench and ambushed them.
If the party dies in battle the group loses half of its gold and warps to the nearest save location where the hero is revived ; players must then pay a priest or nun to revive their party members ..
In 1960s and 1970s America , exploitation and art films shared audiences and marketing , especially in New York City 's grindhouse cinemas ..
Historians have discerned a decline of monasticism in this period , with many religious houses keeping smaller numbers of monks , and those remaining often abandoning communal living for a more individual and secular lifestyle.
He plays Steve Everett , a journalist and recovering alcoholic , who has to cover the execution of murderer Frank <unk> ( played by Isaiah Washington ).
She received the ARIA Award for the year 's highest @-@ selling single.
Mercedes later goes to find Joe at Gabriel 's grave , she almost tells him the truth , but can 't go thought with it , after he confessed he still loves her.
Behind , all Keats could see was Caesar and Venerable in the distance , and by 23 : 00 only Caesar was still in sight , more than 3 nautical miles ( 5 @.@ 6 km ) behind Superb.
Music for the game was composed by Simon Viklund and consists largely of remixed versions of the original music.
Over the course of the war , on the Western Front the concept had evolved through the establishment of machine gun companies in 1916 and machine gun battalions in 1918.
Rayon was used in the 1920s in the manufacture of tight @-@ fitting swimsuits , but its durability , especially when wet , proved problematic , with jersey and silk also sometimes being used.
Not only was there the threat of a Catholic resurgence but there were also disputes within the Protestant Church.
The following season in 1949 – 50 , the Australians headed to South Africa for a five Test tour.
The 20 @,@ 000 @-@ man right wing , first under Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg , then Wilhelm von Wartensleben , stood on the east bank of the Rhine behind the Sieg River , observing the French bridgehead at Düsseldorf.
From 1958 to 1972 the State University of New York owned 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 Thurlow Terrace as their central administration , prior to moving to One Commerce Plaza ..
During dryer years when less fresh water flows to the coast , mangroves will appear among fresh water plants.
The new church was thought to have been the largest in Constantinople before the building of the Hagia Sophia by Justin 's nephew and heir , Justinian I ( r.
She decided , in the end , that his utopian scheme was too " romantic " , because it depended heavily on the goodwill of the rich to sacrifice their wealth.
Radio Paz is a Spanish @-@ language radio ministry of the Archdiocese of Miami founded in December 1990.
The precursor to the storm produced heavy rainfall across Jamaica that caused a deadly flood event ..
Seattle also has numerous commercial radio stations.
On March 7 , Michigan concluded its regular season with a 64 – 48 loss to Michigan State.
At this time , the depression also attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 1005 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 68 inHg ).
Written in the key of G minor , the beat is set in common time and moves at a moderate 91 beats per minute.
They left Hamburg for Leipzig , where he hoped to work with Heisenberg.
The 14th Infantry returned to the United States in 1901 and moved to Fort Snelling , Minnesota.
At his return , Gwyn , by Special Orders No. 301 was assigned to the First Division , First Brigade under Brigadier General Griffin by Major General Fred T. Locke.
The game was re @-@ released for the Wii in 2009 as part of the New Play Control ! collection of titles , featuring GameCube games with added Wii controls.
Subsequently , Bosanquet took five quick wickets , including a good catch from his own bowling to dismiss Hill , to reduce Australia to 100 for five.
After winning , they moved on for a rematch with the Jazz in the Finals ..
During the second period of redevelopment , however , Scotland won an important 1998 World Cup qualifier against Sweden at Ibrox ..
In 2000 , Camp Washington Chili won a James Beard Foundation America 's Classics Award.
Thus , the glutamines on CBP interact directly with the increased numbers of glutamine on the HTT chain and CBP gets pulled away from its typical location next to the nucleus.
He took over Southern Command as a lieutenant general in October 1954 , and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1957.
Only eighteen men were pulled from the freezing water ..
Continuing north , the road winds its way towards a ridge near Native Dog Creek.
They pulled heavy loads , having the power to pull weapons or supply wagons and disposition to remain calm under fire.
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 52 million tickets in the US.
It is one of those very rare television creations so rich in form and content that the spectator wishes there was some way of prolonging it indefinitely ”.
The consequence of suppressing wildfires has led to an overgrowth in forest vegetation , which provides excess fuel that increases the severity , range , and duration of a wildfire.
She is a cheerful but introverted , slightly clumsy and simplistic high school girl , and often utters the pseudo @-@ <unk> phrase <unk> when she feels troubled , a habit she retained from childhood.
Another key source for the period is the Anglo @-@ Saxon Chronicle , a collection of annals in Old English narrating the history of the Anglo @-@ Saxons.
Even after Long convinced him of the public 's love of the works , Terhune initially did nothing towards the goal.
Use of the <unk> photometer at the La Silla Observatory 's 1 @.@ 2 m Leonhard Euler Telescope on March 29 , 2008 provided further evidence for an exoplanet by better defining the transit 's curve.
Me me me me me , ' so that 's what that song is about.
In 1638 , Galileo Galilei proposed an experiment , with an apparent claim to having performed it some years earlier , to measure the speed of light by observing the delay between uncovering a lantern and its perception some distance away.
Shoot ' em ups call for fast reactions and for the player to memorize levels and enemy attack patterns.
A German bombing campaign in September 1917 led to the disused platform being used as storage for around 300 paintings from the National Gallery from then until December 1918 ..
After work on UB @-@ 13 was complete at the Weser yard , she was readied for rail shipment.
U2 briefly interrupted these sessions in June to join Amnesty International 's A Conspiracy of Hope tour.
Several USAAF bomber formations operated under NEA 's control in early 1942 , including A @-@ 24 Banshees of the 8th Squadron from Port Moresby , and B @-@ 17 Flying Fortresses of the 435th Squadron ( initially known as the " Kangaroo Squadron " ) from Townsville.
US 1A joins NC 98 Business and continues along the eastern side of the seminary.
In 1701 , when James II died , young James Francis Edward became king at age 13 in the eyes of the " Jacobites " , as now " King James III and VIII ".
In an interview years later , Ford said he had intended to imply that the Soviets would never crush the spirits of eastern Europeans seeking independence.
Broussard also said that no content seen in the E3 trailer would be lost.
The lowest cutoff TM mode is <unk> [ t ] ( shown in figure 2 ) which is <formula> times the dominant mode in 2 : 1 waveguide.
Todd Klein , an award winning letter and logo designer , mainly worked for DC Comics during the 1980s.
It is the fourth installment of the Terminator film series.
The hardcover edition was published in November 2000 by Random House Canada.
Marge , however , asks Homer not to buy one until they figure out how to help Lisa.
In due course this festival became an important annual event in Kensington ; Vaughan Williams was among the adjudicators.
Glazed and Infused in Chicago , Illinois serves customers the traditional glazed old @-@ fashioned as well as a unique twist on the doughnut they like to call the lemon poppy seed old @-@ fashioned doughnut.
Angelou ( 1928 – 2014 ) is best known for her first autobiography , the critically acclaimed I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings ( 1969 ).
Flores Ramírez tested positive for the presence of amphetamines.
Musically , " Oh What a Circus " is a <unk> , and shares its composition with the better known " Don 't Cry for Me Argentina " from the same show , but has a faster tempo and completely different lyrics.
Tomkins kept his place in the England team when they played France in a mid @-@ season friendly , and he responded by scoring four tries on England 's way to a 60 – 6 win , a record @-@ equalling tally for an England player in a single match.
The regional trains were originally part of the Agenda concept.
An Advisory Committee on Uranium was formed under Lyman J. Briggs , a scientist and the director of the National Bureau of Standards.
When they disrespect her authority , Wildberry Princess ( Maria Bamford ) orders Finn and Jake to be arrested and for their money to be seized and melted down.
In May 1979 , " You Can 't Win " was released in Britain , as was a 7 " picture disc of the song.
Also , all of the dancers joined in for the final dance section of " Holiday " , which usually only featured Madonna and her two backing singers.
Fourteen Mark II * * * torpedoes were carried which had a warhead of 515 pounds ( 234 kg ) of TNT.
Despite what she viewed as the pitfalls of fame , she was determined to become a writer and when she was seventeen her father , who encouraged her writing , helped her publish her first story , Traditions ( 1795 ) ..
The moth lays its eggs in the nest , and when they hatch , they will take over the nest.
Once in the neighborhood , the Saw Mill River flows through a Yonkers sewage treatment plant , the other impoundment of the river.
When the ARBiH approached Novi Grad and Sanski Most on 18 – 19 September , it encountered 14 @,@ 000 additional VRS troops of the Prijedor OG 10 of the 1st Krajina Corps under the command of Colonel Radmilo <unk> , supported by 2 @,@ 000 troops that had arrived from Serbia.
West Ham have never played below the Second Division in their history and often played a league or two above Millwall.
Before the constitutional convention in 1816 , Pennington was quoted as saying " Let us be on our guard when our convention men are chosen that they be men opposed to slavery.
It is too perfect , jumping up ladders of notes on ' Homeless ' , never catching , never breaking.
The formal casting process began in February 1995 , though some of the actors met with Thompson the previous year to help her conceptualise the script.
Many critics considered Titanfall to be the next step for the first @-@ person shooter genre , and the game received abundant " hype " and publicity from video game journalists ..
" Watt commented later that the remix was a " nightmare " and " totally worse than the Ethan James mix.
Similarly , Blanche remained with the 3rd Battle Squadron until January 1916 when she joined her sister in the 4th Battle Squadron.
Like many ex @-@ Army officers , he tended to see air power in the tactical role , providing support to land operations.
In 1952 – 3 , Brooke @-@ Little served on the staff assembled by the Earl Marshal to plan the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
" The ocean of the streams of stories " ) that featured stock fairy tale characters and trappings such as invincible swords , vessels that replenish their contents , and helpful animals.
In 1888 the US Steamboat Inspection Service made a requirement that plugs were to be made of pure <unk> tin and replaced annually.
" He rejected the overreaching portrayals of nature in its " totality " , as found in the work of contemporary painters like Adrian Ludwig Richter ( 1803 – 84 ) and Joseph Anton Koch ( 1768 – 1839 ) ..
He makes a deal with the sirens to lure Sora and Shiro in an attempt to have one of the two races enslave humanity.
" By then , more than 2 @.@ 5 billion Kennedy half dollars had been struck , more than all previously struck half dollars combined.
Cowie sacked Knighton late in the 1980 – 81 season , leaving caretaker manager Mick Docherty in charge to steer the club out of the First Division relegation zone.
The house soon becomes infatuated with Marge after the two share a bath and decides to kill Homer.
The company claimed exclusive rights to the area and sent away the contenders.
Since 1980 , the team has won the region championship eleven times and has reached the playoffs twenty times.
The highest elevation in Sibu is a peak at Bukit Aup Jubilee Park measuring 59 m above sea level ..
During seasons one to five , " New York Street " was the only set the writers could use to replicate New York City.
Vettel took the STR3 to its first points in its maiden race , coming fifth , ahead of Barrichello and Nakajima.
Namco 's Tekken ( released in arcades in 1994 and on the PlayStation in 1995 ) proved critical to the PlayStation 's early success , with its sequels also becoming some of the console 's most important titles.
The song is a political @-@ charged anthem to Havana , the relationship between Cuba and the United States , the international economic blockade against Cuba , and Cuban emigration to Florida.
Therefore , Kenshin arranges for Yahiko to be trained by Kamiya Kaoru , the teacher of the Kamiya Kasshin @-@ ryū ( 神谷活心流 , lit.
Continuing westward , the depression intensified , and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Faith on the following day.
The total cost came to £ 4 @,@ 349 ..
After an initial goalless draw in the following round against Chelsea , Cardiff played them once again at Ninian Park in the replay.
Bure signed a four @-@ year contract worth a reported $ 2 @.@ 7 million with an $ 800 @,@ 000 signing bonus soon thereafter.
Two US 25A routings were created in the late 1930s and early 1940s.
Trees tend to be long @-@ lived , some reaching several thousand years old.
Every time I see him , it 's like : ' When is it going to happen ? When is it going to happen ? ' " De Laurentiis thought Foster would decline once she read the book , even believing the final film was better for it.
Michael Gallucci of PopCrush called it " a faceless dance track built around another solid beat " , but also commenting , " Aguilera 's insistence on singing part of the song with Lionel Richie 's ' All Night Long ( All Night ) ' island accent is totally misguided ".
It is a mostly nocturnal predator , hunting for a range of different prey species , predominately small mammals but also birds of varying sizes , reptiles , amphibians , fish , large insects and other assorted invertebrates.
The Park Service has undertaken to preserve the community , which is now unoccupied.
During the first arc of the Batgirl comic book series entitled " Silent Running " , Cassandra Cain encounters a psychic who " reprograms " her brain , enabling her to comprehend verbal language , while simultaneously losing the ability to predict movements.
Upon accepting , Day @-@ Lewis commented " I so admire what you ’ re doing with the Poetry Archive and I ’ m very happy that you ’ ve invited me to be involved with it.
Factors that contribute to reduced head weight include : growth in the compacted soils that result from no @-@ till farming practices , drought , waterlogging , insect and disease incidence , and shading and nutrient stress caused by weeds ..
The visit was unsuccessful as England lost the five @-@ match Test series 3 – 0.
Hosted by Jeff Probst , it consisted of 39 days of gameplay with 16 competitors.
By inflating , the shark may be able to wedge itself inside crevices , make itself harder to swallow , or simply intimidate a would @-@ be predator.
The Glazer 's takeover of the club resulted in disaffected fans setting up F.C. United of Manchester , which , as of 2016 , has become the largest supporter @-@ owned football club in the United Kingdom.
Furthermore , shortly after the music release , an album success meet was held ..
Sea level here has not risen significantly in the last 6 @,@ 000 years.
There were extensive heaths and wild places , largely uninhabited , with " no industrial smoke , nothing faster on the roads than a horse , no incessant noises from the sky ".
Unlike some other classical figures ( Comte , Durkheim ) Weber did not attempt , consciously , to create any specific set of rules governing social sciences in general , or sociology in particular.
" DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson wrote : " After the many plots of the prior show , ' Vigilante ' maintains a much tighter focus.
Thompkins then filed a writ of habeas corpus in federal District Court but it denied his request.
He listed several species of the family Talpidae ( moles and related species ) from Vieux Collonges , including " espèce C " ( " species C " ) , which he named as a new genus and species , Veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote.
" To that end , Grant pitted Anarky against Etrigan and Darkseid with the intention of providing a setting for a series of dialogues on the topic ..
The system moved generally southwestward , dissipating on July 23 due to wind shear.
Since its original release , the film has become a science fiction classic.
Sarah warns Casey that Chuck uploaded the Intersect and tells Chuck that their mutual friend Bryce is dead.
The record was later certified triple platinum in Australia ..
Author Paul Williams has noted that scene and situation are combined into a gorgeous evocation of muddied consciousness in " Just Like Tom Thumb 's Blues " , without ever resolving into a clear picture of what the song is about.
According to the Peace of Pressburg , which was concluded around 25 November , Béla IV and his son divided the country and Stephen received the lands to the east of the Danube.
The following year , Ebsary raised her career average above 10 for the first time and was selected in the Australian Under @-@ 23 team.
Since March 1922 Goldwyn had been run by Abe Lehr , who publicly promised that " each director will have his own staff and will be given every facility in putting into production his own individuality and personality.
Blacks arrived at white churches to integrate services.
In 1809 , Napoleon I of France arrived at Schönbrunn Palace to play the Turk.
The stern voice of his father at last checked the wild torrent of words ; they took him to bed , and a profound sleep of twelve hours restored him to his normal state ".
A $ 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 fundraising drive and the armistice in 1918 saved the university.
Now , fully deployed into line , they returned fire and successfully pressed the British troops ; although the attack faltered at the centre , the line in front of d 'Erlon 's right started to crumble.
A fifth Clan , SkyClan , is driven out by the other Clans when its territory is destroyed by humans building a town , and it scatters shortly after arriving at a new home in a gorge.
They also replaced her fire @-@ control systems and added radars , although the exact changes are unknown.
However , during the 1000 m time trial , Ohno came in second to J. R. Celski despite skating a personal best of 1 : 24 @.@ 500 to Celski 's personal best of 1 : 23 @.@ 981.
The depression eventually crossed the Bahamas and became extratropical ..
With the help of Charles Drummond Ellis , he worked on the ionisation of phosphorus , and the photochemical reaction of carbon monoxide and chlorine.
On February 19 , 2014 , during the 2014 Winter Olympics , he suffered a torn medial collateral ligament ( MCL ) and a torn meniscus in his knee during the quarterfinal game against Latvia , forcing him to miss the remainder of the Olympics as well as the remainder of the Islanders ' season.
Caio Duilio served with the 1st Division of the Reserve Squadron during the 1893 fleet maneuvers , along with the ironclad Re Umberto , which served as the divisional flagship , the torpedo cruiser Minerva , and four torpedo boats.
Uniquely for a Bond novel , Moonraker is set entirely in Britain , which raised comments from some readers , complaining about the lack of exotic locations ..
Commercial use of machinima has <unk> Teeth sells DVDs of their Red vs. Blue series and , under sponsorship from Electronic Arts , helped to promote The Sims 2 by using the game to make a machinima series , The Strangerhood.
It was certified quintuple @-@ platinum in Australia , and double @-@ platinum in New Zealand , Spain and the US ..
Before Everything Tastes Better with Bacon she wrote four books : The New Complete Coffee Book , The New Tea Book , Christmastime Treats and Weekends with the Kids.
The reason given was injury , but the media questioned if Davydov had fallen out of favour with Bobrov.
During Parliamentary discussions into the Cleveland Railway 's proposed route , a Select Committee of the House of Commons was told that the M & GR was " unwilling to give facility for people carrying traffic not connected with the furnaces with which they are connected.
In 1902 , the commission submitted a threefold plan of proposal to the government.
On May 1 , 1839 , he was ordained in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania.
The heaviest borrowings are said to be from Elliot Goldenthal 's 1999 score for Titus.
It was erected in 2006 and forms part of the River Parrett Trail.
However , <unk> Ruwe , a scholar of 18th @-@ century children 's literature , has pointed out that An Easy Introduction is not entirely a conservative text — it challenges 18th @-@ century notions of the proper roles for women laid out in conduct manuals such as those written by John Gregory and James Fordyce.
Eight additional boats with 60 occupants were reported missing.
Lennon and Ono showed their solidarity with the Clydeside UCS workers ' work @-@ in of 1971 by sending a bouquet of red roses and a cheque for £ 5 @,@ 000.
Finding it empty , Neil seeks assistance from the local missionary , Dr. Bruner , who recounts how Murder turned many of his rivals into zombies , who now guard his estate.
Other athletics venues include the Aquatic Center , Tennis Complex , softball fields , and various other recreational fields.
Sometime between Michaelmas 1178 and the start of 1179 , Reginald retired from public life and became a monk at Lewes Priory , which had been founded by his family.
In cervical artery dissection , only small case series are available.
" America 's First Car " remained the company 's motto for the rest of its existence ..
Julia ( who knew that her son would be performing ) heard music coming from the field behind the church ( now the site of the Bishop Martin School ) , and pulled Mimi along with her to listen.
Damage throughout the territory totaled $ 60 million ( 1961 USD ) , and a total of 307 deaths were reported ; more than 100 of the fatalities were in Belize City , including 36 who evacuated to a British administration building that was later destroyed in the storm.
They also gathered at the hotel at which the BYU President was staying at one point , carrying signs saying : " Conversion is Murder ! " and " Mormons , stop your mission now ".
On September 11 , CIM issued a press release that it had obtained permits for a 34 @-@ story , 690 @-@ unit apartment tower , which Crain 's Chicago Business described as " the biggest apartment tower the Loop has seen in decades ".
Some rainbands produced up to 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) gusts ( 113 km / h ) , and in some areas isolated streaks of damage were described as being caused by tornadoes.
On his set 's chalkboard he uses the first letters of keywords that he writes to spell out Wendy 's intent to " kill Smurfs " which concerns Butters and some other students.
In 1936 , Wally Snell reported finding a specimen of Boletus crassipes , another species described by Peck from Mount Gretna , Pennsylvania.
The length of an average adult is 1 @.@ 4 to 2 @.@ 2 m ( 4 @.@ 6 to 7 @.@ 2 ft ) , but they may attain lengths of 2 @.@ 7 metres ( 8 @.@ 9 feet ) , and lengths up to 3 @.@ 1 metres ( 10 feet ) are also possible in rare cases.
Both these functions primarily attract Hindus to the temple.
In the 16th century , the Portuguese came to acquire substantial commercial interests in Canara.
Francisco Ximénez , who first revealed the K 'iche ' epic Popul Vuh to the world , visited Q 'umarkaj in the final years of the 17th century.
In the entire first @-@ class tour , he scored four centuries to aggregate 1129 runs at 53 @.@ 76.
" Levinson said he believed " four shots are better than nothing " , adding :.
Cities like New York , Baltimore and Philadelphia saw their population boom in the second half of the century ; New York tripled in size between 1850 and 1890 , for example.
Despite his victory over elements of Marshal André Masséna 's Army of Portugal at the Battle of Bussaco in September 1810 , Viscount Wellington was forced by Masséna 's subsequent maneuvering to withdraw his numerically inferior force behind the extensive series of fortifications he had prepared around Torres Vedras to protect the approaches to Lisbon.
The last major design change — also at General LeMay 's insistence — was a switch from the B @-@ 47 style tandem seating to a more conventional side @-@ by @-@ side cockpit , which increased the effectiveness of the copilot and reduced crew fatigue.
When the king summoned a great council in October , several of the earls refused to meet due to Gaveston ’ s presence.
Armistead and Wright , two of Huger 's brigades that had reached the battlefield some time earlier.
Saraiya went on to describe Rachel as " as a model for women coming of age in the 1990s — the popular , pretty girl dissatisfied with where those illusions have taken her but also unwilling to embrace the more aggressively ' feminist ' career @-@ woman strategy ".
Local employment opportunities being scarce , she left Chard in 1887 , at the age of 14 , to begin an apprenticeship at a draper 's shop in Hove , near Brighton ..
The plan called for Das Reich to attack east and south and link up with III Panzer Corps , which would attack to the northwest.
He departed for England , where he arrived on 17 September ..
He enjoyed the final scene between Logan , Veronica , and Piz because of the variety of different ways in which it could be interpreted.
One mix of the two audiences is the British writer , Theodore Dalrymple , reviewing The Rage Against God and Christopher Hitchens ' Hitch @-@ 22 for the American journal , First Things.
But Arthur took all the existing material , plus an impression of some of the rushes , and wrote the novel.
Bird aimed to mould this movement into a formal association , an ambition which was to crystallise as the Christian Medical Association.
As the song begins , Spears declares , " ' Never look back ' , we said / How was I to know I 'd miss you so ? / Loneliness up ahead , <unk> behind / Where do I go ? " During the chorus , she realizes that she has lost her true love , stating , " From the bottom of my broken heart , even though time may find me somebody new / You were my real love , I never knew love , till there was you.
" The Sydney Morning Herald noted that " Verge on several occasions saved splendidly , generally finding the line with useful punts and never losing his head.
This other designation was decommissioned in 1928 when US 141 was extended north from Green Bay into Michigan.
The vehicles of each patrol adopted their own markings.
The second stage opened on 1 March 2014 , and runs from Zara to Porta Garibaldi station.
The Rosetta Stone is listed as " a stone of black granite , bearing three inscriptions ... found at Rosetta " in a contemporary catalogue of the artifacts discovered by the French expedition and surrendered to British troops in 1801.
Paschal hit an inside @-@ the @-@ park home run in a victory against the Indians on July 9.
After Ned Stark ( Sean Bean ) is imprisoned following his failed attempt to arrest Joffrey ( Jack Gleeson ) and Cersei Lannister ( Lena Headey ) , the Lannisters move against the rest of the Stark household.
The track displayed many of the band 's stage gimmicks , such as the burning cymbal , strobe lights , films , and smoke ..
Although David did not like Minton 's black and white drawings , she described his jacket design as " stunning ".
After entering the Caribbean Sea , the hurricane maintained a northwest trajectory.
Cities close to the Alabama border — including Pascagoula — experienced widespread damage to residences , schools , and businesses , and the community of Gautier was effectively isolated from the outside world.
These were not the first Oblivion @-@ related Marketplace releases ( the first was a series of dashboard themes and picture packs released prior to Oblivion 's publication , in February 2006 , for a nominal fee ) nor were they entirely unexpected : Bethesda had previously announced their desire to support the Xbox release with downloadable Marketplace content , and other publishers had already begun to release similar packages for their games , at similar prices.
Two of the fifty largest cities in the United States are located in Oklahoma , Oklahoma City and Tulsa , and 65 percent of Oklahomans live within their metropolitan areas , or spheres of economic and social influence defined by the United States Census Bureau as a metropolitan statistical area.
She had previously been well known for breeding Old English <unk>.
According to the Association of Religion Data Archives , the denominations with the most adherents in 2010 were the Roman Catholic Church with 1 @,@ 150 @,@ 367 ; the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America with 737 @,@ 537 ; and the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod with 182 @,@ 439.
Arranged in two side @-@ long gapless suites , the album 's songs are characterized by electronic grooves , striking beats , improvisational rhythms , string synthesizers , and cross @-@ rhythms produced by turntable scratches , African and Latin @-@ influenced percussion , and percussive raps.
The video was produced by Ridley and Tony Scott 's RSA Films.
In 1562 – 1563 he commanded the army Elizabeth sent to Le Havre to garrison the town and assist the Huguenots in the First French War of Religion.
The Seattle metropolitan area is the 15th largest metropolitan area in the United States with over 3 @.@ 7 million inhabitants.
That same day , ISIL declared itself a worldwide caliphate ..
Flora produced heavy rainfall and moderately strong winds in the Dominican Republic.
On 15 March 2008 , the band 's tour bus burst into flames outside their hotel in Medford , Massachusetts.
" Before release , it premiered at the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles , and the Venice Film Festival at the ArcLight Hollywood.
Taylor finally arrived in the nation 's capital on February 24 and soon met with the outgoing President Polk.
Additionally , the Harvard Law Review wrote that " [ t ] he Court reached the correct outcome but via the wrong route " because its ruling " obfuscates the role of the licensing agreement " and because the " exhaustion doctrine is ill suited to address the challenges posed by self @-@ replicating technologies " ..
After reaching Tanjong Priok on 10 February , the detachment found itself placed under Dutch command and formed into a composite infantry company , within the reserve battalion of the ad hoc formation known as " Blackforce " , which had been formed under Brigadier Arthur Blackburn.
Both weapons could elevate 25 ° and depress 10 °.
Hawke later described the opportunities he was offered as a result of the film 's success as critical to his decision to continue acting : " I didn 't want to be an actor and I went back to college.
The Chandravanshi king is captured but becomes enraged upon seeing the Neelkanth.
Venter has circumnavigated the globe and thoroughly explored the West Coast of the United States , and completed a two @-@ year expedition to explore the Baltic , Mediterranean and Black Seas.
Sometime around 3 a.m. that Saturday , he suddenly awoke with severe difficulty breathing and almost completely unable to speak or swallow.
Depending on the situation , the player must strategically block , dodge , or duck in order to avoid an opponent 's attack.
In the 1650s , he faced a resurgence of Ming loyalist resistance , but by 1661 his armies had defeated the Qing Empire 's last enemies , seafarer Koxinga ( 1624 – 1662 ) and the Prince of Gui ( 1623 – 1662 ) of the Southern Ming dynasty , both of whom would succumb the following year.
In 1903 , Poundstone 's designs began receiving attention from American naval authorities.
Johnson took his 50th wicket for the tour during the fixture and was on 57 by the end of the game , the 18th of 31 first @-@ class matches on the tour ..
Although never intended for the low @-@ level role , the B @-@ 52 's flexibility allowed it to outlast its intended successor as the nature of the air war environment changed.
Yet in the seven years since the decision , I am aware of no case where the material has been determinative , not even in Pepper v. Hart itself ..
Even as a young man , Morris displayed a disposition for education , borrowing often from the library in nearby Bethlehem , where his father was a member.
All of the compartments within the turrets were separated by <unk> bulkheads to prevent any flame or lethal gas from spreading throughout the turret.
In a conference call interview , Pinkner and Wyman further described the episode as " pretty fantastic " because " it 's one of our most cinematic episodes ".
" All of these changes in his life have led him to a complete change in his attitude toward drugs :.
It was watched by 6 @.@ 04 million viewers , according to Nielsen ratings , despite airing simultaneously with the American Music Awards on ABC , The Amazing Race on CBS and Sunday Night Football on NBC.
In October , additional skin cancer cells were detected on his nose and removed ..
Chow plays the assassin Ah Jong , who accidentally damages the eyes of the singer Jennie ( Sally Yeh ) during a shootout.
This is legally permissible , so long as no evidence is destroyed.
Yardley played schoolboy cricket at St Peter 's , York.
I was like , ' This is either a very elaborate prank , or this is the real deal.
Cindy however panics and alerts the police to the car crash scene.
Bodley and Keio university Professor <unk> Hori provided voluminous notes in the 1934 Japanese textbook version of Round the Red Lamp by Arthur Conan Doyle , and in 1935 Bodley published a biography of Tōgō Heihachirō ..
Because of this some , of the equivalent salts have the same crystal structure , and in other circumstances where ionic radius is a determining factor , the chemistry of zinc has much in common with that of magnesium.
When seeing the evidence , Mulder deduces that Betsy is another demon who is unable to have a baby demon unless another demon impregnates her.
The horns are long , thin , and symmetrical ; they curve backwards ( a distinctive feature of this species ) and can reach 1 @.@ 0 to 1 @.@ 2 m ( 3 ft 3 in to 3 ft 11 in ) on both the males and the females.
The group also tried to introduce pathogens into The Dalles ' water system.
In 969 / 970 , Sulaiman , the son of Muhammad ibn Ilyas , wanted to regain his kingdom of Kerman , and invaded the region.
Lucas and writers Willard Huyck and Gloria Katz later collaborated on Radioland Murders ( 1994 ) , also released by Universal Pictures , for which Lucas acted as executive producer.
In 1994 , Kajol featured in the melodrama <unk> Ki Zindagi , as the granddaughter of the characters played by <unk> and <unk> Chatterjee.
There are four main function rooms in the complex : the 100 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 30 m ) ballroom — the largest Georgian interior in Bath ; the tea room ; the card room ; and the octagon.
In 2002 , an order for three Boeing 777 @-@ 200ERs was placed with Boeing ; an additional aircraft of the type was acquired in November 2005 ( 2005 @-@ 11 ).
The tribe of the Polans ( Polanie , lit.
SMS Oldenburg was an armored warship of the German Imperial Navy.
If an inspection team gathers on wrongdoing and corruption in general , the information is passed on to either the Organization Department or the CCDI.
Cases brought under Rylands v Fletcher now have a requirement that the harm was foreseeable , but it was not defined whether or not it was sufficient that it be foreseeable that harm could occur , or that it be foreseeable that the use of land is " non @-@ natural " , that the substance be capable of doing " mischief " , and all the other requirements of Rylands.
However , he did not feel that the design depicted her exclusively.
The only military force available to him was a small army of some 4 @,@ 000 – 5 @,@ 000 men , under Tahir ibn al @-@ Husayn.
Most insects control their wings by adjusting tilt , stiffness , and flapping frequency of the wings with tiny muscles in the thorax ( below ).
A second ship , to be named Fatih Sultan Mehmed , was ordered in April 1914 ..
This led historian Steven Runciman to write that by acting as he did to endorse Chamberlain 's foreign policy , King George VI perpetrated " the biggest constitutional blunder that has been made by any sovereign this century.
" Russian Roulette " begins with a " searing " guitar solo that later transitions into a " pulsing " beat which stays constant until the end of the song.
The tour commenced on 15 July 2010 at Telstra Events Centre , Auckland.
It was completed in 1867 to the orders of landlord Thomas Johannessen <unk> , who had been purchasing forest properties in the area.
) Rognvald Eysteinsson received Orkney and Shetland from Harald as an earldom as reparation for the death of his son in battle in Scotland , and then passed the earldom on to his brother Sigurd the Mighty ..
The two finally meet , and Kenshin collapses into her arms as he clutches her to him.
Jagadish kidnaps the bomber again , and also forces the police officer who helped the bomber 's escape , to commit suicide.
Art historian Henri Zerner has called the plan " a grand ritualistic drama which would have filled the rotunda 's celestial space " ..
It was written by producer Matt Hubbard and directed by producer Don Scardino , and first aired on October 18 , 2007 in the United States.
Some sources report that she too was grounded , but others report that she was retaken by her crew and managed to reach Cadiz.
Uematsu was also initially going to create the theme song for Final Fantasy XIII ( 2010 ).
According to the sheetmusic published at musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group , the song is composed in the key of F major and is set in time signature of common time with a tempo of 112 beats per minute.
The film is his creative process " , he said ..
In May 2011 , after time for legal negotiations , the fortune was finally distributed to his descendants.
" Stranger in Paradise " was also a number @-@ one hit in the United Kingdom a year and a half later and started Bennett 's career as an international artist ..
He believes reports of alien sightings to be a result of hallucinations induced by psychotropic drugs in the water supply and Gwen 's job to be working in " special ops ".
The next match was a Fulfill Your Fantasy Battle Royal match for the WWE Women 's Championship between Molly Holly , Stacy Keibler , Victoria , Gail Kim , Jazz , Nidia , and Trish Stratus , an elimination style match where the last person in the ring is the winner.
No General Reserve positions existed in the new structure , and reserve members discharged or posted to reserve units ..
The merger , which was billed as a merger of equals , resulted in UBS 's shareholders receiving 60 % of the combined company and Swiss Bank 's shareholders receiving the remaining 40 % of the bank 's common shares.
While the manager of the England team , Pelham Warner , thought that Ponsford " met the fast @-@ leg theory in plucky and able style " , this behaviour was criticised by the British cricket writer , R. C. Robertson @-@ Glasgow.
In some specimens , the eyes are surrounded by a dark ring.
Giraffes were probably common targets for hunters throughout Africa.
After the release of The Force Unleashed , Robert Workman , also from GameDaily , put the character as one of his favorite Star Wars video game characters.
Nevertheless , the effects of the action on the wider war were hugely important.
Philadelphia 's pledge of religious tolerance attracted many other religions beside Quakers.
[ e ] Many legislators who supported the bill lost their congressional seats as a result , including Johnson 's colleague Solomon P. Sharp from Kentucky.
For the next two decades he fought loyally for his brother and overlord at Tikal.
Home Command was renamed Operational Command , and Training and Maintenance Commands merged to become Support Command.
Nevertheless , he passed 50 in each of the four tour matches during this period , including a 134 against Yorkshire and 90 against Northamptonshire ..
Manuel maintained the city 's defence with some success , even though the besiegers managed to undermine and collapse one of its towers , until the lack of food became acute.
Exploiting Patton 's situation , Eisenhower sent him on several high @-@ profile trips throughout the Mediterranean in late 1943.
The gravestones of prominent local leaders are more ornate in character , including that of Captain David Pugh and his family , who are buried under a large obelisk that lists the names of his three wives and their respective children.
It accelerated to the north on September 10 , and two days later Dog passed within 200 mi ( 320 km ) of Cape Cod.
Another source , Gervase of Canterbury , has the king telling the chapter they could choose their own nominee after six months , while the king secretly sent envoys to Rome to secure de Gray 's election.
He explains that he is there to honour a promise he made to his best friend Rémi , who was hospitalised by a car accident.
The album artwork consisted of a collage of the album covers , housed in a gold box , it also included a Parental Advisory sticker due to the inclusion of the albums Erotica ( 1992 ) and American Life ( 2003 ).
Also appearing on Mind Games are songs that indulged Lennon 's affinity for pure rock ' n ' roll , such as " Tight A $ " , the title of which was a pun on the expressions " tight as " and " tight ass ".
George Hoadley , one of the two UFA members with previous legislative experience ( Hoadley had been a sitting Conservative MLA prior to the election ; UFA MLA Alex Moore had been elected in a by @-@ election a few months before the general election ) , was considered , but since his previous experience had been as a Conservative — one of the old line parties so disdained by the UFA — he was deemed unacceptable.
If this is correct , the book was never a personal possession of Cuthbert , as has sometimes been thought , but was possibly created specifically to be placed in his coffin , whether for the occasion of his elevation in 698 or at another date.
Clive Sinclair re @-@ commissioned a company called Nine Tiles , which had produced the ZX80 ROM , to develop the new ROM software for the ZX81.
While the Calvos were cleared of wrongdoing , the police were accused by the Calvos and civil rights groups of lacking a proper search warrant , excessive force , and failure to conduct a proper background investigation of the home being raided.
Adrian Sanford Fisher ( January 21 , 1914 – March 18 , 1983 ) was an American lawyer and federal public servant , who served from the late 1930s through the early 1980s.
The then chairman of selectors Peter May questioned the team 's attitude and called for greater resolve , a view that seemed to be shared by the general public at the time ..
Mounted troops are also present , and are armed with either hand weapons , such as swords , or ranged weapons , such as pistols.
Irritation to the genitals increases risk for vaginal infections , which get worse if they go unnoticed.
The Lexington men dispatched riders to the surrounding towns , and Revere and Dawes continued along the road to Concord accompanied by Samuel Prescott.
" In October 1970 , Bell put on " one of the greatest one @-@ man shows ever seen at Beavercreek , " scoring three touchdowns and rushing for 233 yards in 30 carries.
Pitt had two major film roles in 2004 , starring as Achilles in Troy , and making a second appearance as Rusty Ryan , in the sequel Ocean 's Twelve.
She had studied child behavior and painfully concluded that “ children robbed of childhood were likely to become dull , sullen men and women working mindless jobs , or criminals for whom the adventure of crime became the only way to break out of the bleakness of their lives ” Also , one volunteer , Jenny Dow , started a kindergarten class for children left at the settlement while their mothers worked in the sweatshops.
Instead , the increase in pressure and density due to the increasing weight raises the temperature of the core , and as the white dwarf approaches about 99 % of the limit , a period of convection ensues , lasting approximately 1 @,@ 000 years.
The British force under Commodore Josias Rowley was tasked with the blockade and eventual capture of the two well defended island bases of the French , Île Bonaparte and Isle de France.
The storm eventually made landfall in Myanmar on May 19.
Once in the Indian Ocean , this system struck southeastern India without causing much damage.
The disturbance moved northward uneventfully until late on September 23 , when the disturbance became a tropical depression at a distance of 100 mi ( 160 km ).
George 's father took him hunting and riding , and introduced him to military matters ; mindful of his uncertain future , Ernest Augustus took the fifteen @-@ year @-@ old George on campaign in the Franco @-@ Dutch War with the deliberate purpose of testing and training his son in battle ..
Human interaction with ponies is also a problem ; well meaning but misguided visitors to the forest frequently feed them , which can create dietary problems and cause the ponies to adopt an aggressive attitude in order to obtain human food ..
Deep Impact observed Comet <unk> ( C / 2009 P1 ) from February 20 to April 8 , 2012 , using its Medium Resolution Instrument , through a variety of filters.
The Commission met in February and the eight Republicans voted to award all 20 electoral votes to Hayes.
It is set in common time and in the key of F major and has a metronome of 134 beats per minute.
He played his last Test at the National Stadium , Karachi , where he took two wickets conceding 64 runs ..
Simple movements were developed by their choreographers , including <unk> Ashley , to accompany each song because , as The New York Times reported , they believed " in the power of basic movements to enchant young children ".
No. 4 Squadron was recognised as the most successful fighter squadron in France , accounting for as many as 220 victories.
The ruse is known as the " Mask of Ferdinand VII ".
He then scored fifties in three consecutive tour matches before the Fifth Test , which was timeless as the series was tied 1 – 1.
But by the 1940s , the Sociedad was supported by the government ..
Althorp ( / <unk> / or / <unk> / ) is a Grade I listed stately home , estate and small civil parish in Daventry District , Northamptonshire , England of about 13 @,@ 000 acres ( 5 @,@ 300 ha ).
The Romney Literary Society 's last meeting was held at Literary Hall in 1886.
However , it is not universally reliable , so people can overlook challenges to their existing beliefs ..
Shortly before 14 : 00 , Lurcher came alongside and took off the wounded German sailors.
He was invited to Beirut to discuss the death sentence , and was allowed to leave again , but it was clear that he had become persona non grata.
The museum opened on 27 November 1997 , and is the only museum in Northern Europe dedicated to the entirety of Olympic history.
Hesketh Pearson said of Carte : " His acute business sense was aided by a frank and agreeable manner .... He took what other people thought were risks , but he felt were certainties.
At the end of the month , The Greater Cleveland Film Commission announced that Captain America : The Winter Soldier would film in Cleveland , Ohio after the production was approved for a $ 9 @.@ 5 million tax credit.
Although only thirteen episodes were made between 1991 and 1995 , the role remains Bathurst 's favourite of his whole career.
In February 1947 , Brownlee returned to Ottawa to present the UGG 's case to Finance Minister Douglas Abbott , who eventually sided with the UGG and extended the pools ' exemption to it ..
In 1905 it was the site of New York City 's only memorial service honoring United States Secretary of State John Hay , who had worked on behalf of oppressed Jews in Romania.
He received his final Brownlow vote in Round 7 , 2008 , in Melbourne 's win over Fremantle.
Heather Phares from AllMusic noticed the frequent incorporation of " early @-@ 2010s trends " throughout Bangerz , and highlighted the electronic dance music ( EDM ) heard on " Someone Else " as an illustration of said production values.
The following month , Toho released the second trailer for the first film , and announced the second installment will be called Attack on Titan : End of the World.
By the third day , dinner contains the full calorie quota and is a standard ketogenic meal ( not " eggnog " ).
Barber prepared patterns showing what the nickel would look like if the changes demanded by Hobbs were made.
A music video featuring Mr. Show with Bob and David 's comedians David Cross and Bob Odenkirk was made for " Sugarcube ".
It is the only planet whose name is derived from a figure of Greek mythology.
I think we have some high @-@ water marks at 197 @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half [ miles per hour ] which , depending on where they pulled up in the draft , it may be a little quick , but it 's hard to say.
Robert Christgau was less impressed , accusing Madonna of pandering to the " lowest common denominator " of young listeners with ambiguous lyrics and over @-@ promotion.
The disturbance was upgraded into Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ Three on 0000 UTC September 28.
Presented to the Scottish Parliament by the Queen upon Parliament 's official opening in July 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case , suspended from the lid.
The field goals , kicked from 39 , 51 , and 28 yards away and two extra points made Coutu Georgia 's leading scorer in the game , earning 11 points.
The first four Saturn I test flights were launched from LC @-@ 34 , with only live first stages , carrying dummy upper stages filled with water.
John W. Bowen of the Belleville Intelligencer said he enjoyed the " camp " style of the film , adding , " It 's both inexplicable and sad this brain @-@ damaged yet fiercely determined little drive @-@ in bottom feeder never garnered more than a tiny cult following over the years ".
For Red and Yellow lines <unk> has supplied signalling system and for line Green and <unk> Bombardier Transportation has supplied <unk> 350 signalling system ..
Since 1919 , the black , coloured , and Indian sections of the AFM had developed as separate " daughter churches " or " mission churches ".
The return leg at Anfield is considered one of Liverpool 's most memorable European matches.
In North America , Prometheus DVD and Blu @-@ ray disc releases were listed for pre @-@ order in partnership with Amazon on June 1 , 2012 , a week before the film was released in theaters.
Since 2008 efforts have been put into renovation and beautification of existing structures to repair damage from Typhoon Xangsane in 2006 and to promote the campus as a " walking museum " and ecotourism center.
Remaining in the chart for only three weeks , the album made its exit at number forty on September 23.
The number three , symbolizing the Trinity , appears again in the 3 / 8 time signature and in the use of three trumpets.
It is known from two fruit bodies recovered from amber , one consisting of a complete cap with a broken stem , the other consisting of a fragment of a cap.
In Normandy , the speed of the polecat 's decline has somewhat decreased.
Lyrically it talks about a lover having a secret as well as how Madonna realized that one 's happiness is under one 's control.
Garrard supported pro @-@ squatting legislation , including measures that forbade the collection of taxes from squatters on profits they made from working the land they occupied and that required landowners to pay squatters for any improvements they made on their land.
She wanted the song to have superficial pop lyrics about sexuality and religion , but a different meaning underneath which she believed could provoke a reaction from her listeners.
The Syrian political and military leadership continued to press Nasser out of both sincere commitment to Arab nationalism and a realization that only unification with Egypt could prevent impending strife in the country due to increasing communist influence ..
Initial settlements were on or near the West Branch Susquehanna River , and , as noted , Plunkett did not receive the land including the creek until 1776 , nor was it surveyed until 1783.
Marcus Luttrell appears in the film in an uncredited role.
Beecham 's relations with fellow British conductors were not always cordial.
As part of promotion for the song , Spears performed it at TRL , Saturday Night Live , and The View.
The area of the Theban hills is subject to infrequent violent thunder storms , causing flash floods in the valley.
Dinosaur Planet initially utilised the Nintendo 64 's Expansion Pak and was housed in a 512 @-@ megabit ( 64 megabyte ) cartridge , which would have placed it among the largest Nintendo 64 games by stored data ..
Road grays had " Nashville " written across the chest and were missing the tri @-@ color bands at both the neck and sleeves.
Ludvig <unk> <unk> exclaimed that a person whom Koht wanted to study , the farmer @-@ politician John G. <unk> , was a " crook ... oh well , <unk> sua <unk> <unk> ".
The final straws were news of Russian timber concessions in northern Korea and the Russian refusal to acknowledge Japanese interests in Manchuria while continuing to place conditions on Japanese activities in Korea.
The ribbon 's function has been the subject of much debate by art historians ; suggestions include an allusion to the fetters used by Cupid to bind lovers , that it was used to hang the mirror , and that it was used to blindfold Venus moments before.
Such cowards used to be shot , now they are only encouraged.
Drake began to smoke cannabis , and that spring he travelled with friends to Morocco , because , according to travelling companion Richard <unk> , " that was where you got the best pot ".
Zoth said that in later episodes , he liked the relationship Akane established with Masaoka and Ginoza , which resulted in several interesting scenes.
Armed with this knowledge , the group , now led by Dolarhyde , prepares to attack the aliens ' grounded mother ship.
When general elections were held , FUNCINPEC , now headed by Sihanouk 's son Norodom Ranariddh , won , while the Cambodian People 's Party ( CPP ) headed by Hun Sen came in second.
Jacob and the <unk> Jonathan ( referred to in the Talmud as " Yonatan me @-@ Bet Guvrin " or Jonathan of Bet Guvrin ) were residents of the city.
His 1943 revival of William Congreve 's Love for Love on tour and then in London received high praise from reviewers.
The monster of the week , an alien stowing away in a Russian cosmonaut 's body , isn 't all that scary or even malevolent ( it 's just trying to stay alive by feeding on radiation ).
Narayan pondered giving up the sarangi and becoming a singer.
It would establish animal @-@ handling verification guidelines for all the slaughterhouses of its suppliers.
While Melbourne had only been commissioned in 1955 , the de Havilland Sea Venom fighters and Fairey Gannet maritime patrol aircraft operated by the Fleet Air Arm ( FAA ) were becoming obsolete.
The plot of Bart 's nightmare is a parody of The Twilight Zone episode " It 's a Good Life " , which was remade as part of Twilight Zone : The Movie.
Both Silent Stream of Godless Elegy and Eluveitie boast eight members each while the line up of Mägo de Oz totals nine performers.
Rakesh Roshan wanted Krrish to be a trendsetter in Indian cinema , with visual effects on par with Hollywood films.
Yet Morris was now finally in a position to begin reinforcing the NGVR.
Rapid breathing and a rapid heart rate are other signs.
Thomas Lennon , who had appeared as a doctor in Memento , once again plays a doctor.
The plague was carried by fleas on sailing vessels returning from the ports of Asia , spreading quickly due to lack of proper sanitation : the population of England , then about 4 @.@ 2 million , lost 1 @.@ 4 million people to the bubonic plague.
He sees two fishes who have found his clothes and express interest in using them ; SpongeBob mentions that he cannot remember anything except hitting his head , so the fish tell him that his name is " <unk> <unk> ".
His Majesty 's or HM Armed Smack Inverlyon was a fishing smack that was converted to a Q @-@ ship during the First World War.
He has also been asked to watch over the secret treasure of the Knights Templar which is being brought over from Jerusalem.
" Discussing the difficulty of going into Seattle for the final , Crew forward Barros Schelotto commented , " The field is for Seattle.
Coulter has expressed admiration for other female artists such as Madonna , Pink , Lady Gaga and Katy Perry ..
The crossings were hampered by the high level of the rivers , flooding of foreshores , strong currents and floating debris , as well as a shortage of boats and other means of river crossing.
Sound effects editor Bruce Tanis remarked that because the background sound lasted the entire episode , it had to be handled " thoughtfully " ..
The following season , he gained selection for the last three matches and broke through for his maiden first @-@ class century , having never previously passed 50 ..
The trigeminal nerve ( V ) is named in accordance with its three components ( Latin : tri @-@ <unk> meaning triplets ) , and the vagus nerve ( X ) is named for its wandering course ( Latin : vagus ) ..
Frederick also had a very good relationship with his uncle , King Frederick William IV , who has been called " the romantic on the throne " ..
A 'a flows are so thick that the outside layers cools into a rubble @-@ like mass , insulating the still @-@ hot interior and preventing it from cooling.
The Super Deluxe Edition was packaged in a hardbound book with a lenticular cover , liner notes by David Fricke and newly reimagined album artwork designed by Josh Graham.
The performance of " Dance for You " was later included on the live album Live in Atlantic City ( 2013 ) which was filmed during the revue.
Yet although Allied forces had entered Germany , and rumours and speculation were rife about a possible invasion of Norway , the Twentieth Mountain Army almost seemed to be at a peace @-@ time status ; Böhme had complained in January that there were some units in the Army that took Sunday off as a holiday , and that he could do little to stop it ..
For a " coldblood " breed , the Finnhorse is quite fast.
Ford followed with 135 points , nineteen points ahead of Dodge in fourth.
He finished with the second 100 @-@ plus point season of his career with 39 goals and a personal best 62 assists.
In contrast to often colorless and orthodox politicians , Bo gained the reputation as a party boss that " got things done.
Leaving Fanny and her nurse Marguerite behind , she embarked for Strömstad , Sweden , where she took a short detour to visit the fortress of <unk> , and then proceeded to Larvik , Norway.
Both networks were designed and constructed independently post partition.
Beck , then 38 , had held the contract since his early 20s.
Two days later , a group of Urrea 's men surrounded Ward and the last of his group less than 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) from Victoria.
Hood 's secondary armament was a dozen 50 @-@ calibre BL 5 @.@ 5 @-@ inch Mk I guns , each with 200 rounds.
They were eventually done away with after the Marian reforms of 107 BC ..
Mehldau himself indicated that some of his compositions address a specific need , such as integrating a particular rhythm into his trio , while others emerge from something he has played while improvising.
Back from their meeting with Dow , Don and Roger arrive to a nearly empty office.
Flight 52 did not make contact with FAA flight service stations or flight watch en route , and the NTSB was unable to determine why.
Survived by six children , Clark was buried in Burwood Cemetery.
In 2016 , Drake spoke on the shooting of Alton Sterling , publishing an open letter expressing his concern for the safety of ethnic minorities against police brutality , in the United States ..
The ship carried 2 @,@ 000 long tons ( 2 @,@ 000 t ) of fuel oil which gave her a range of 4 @,@ 480 nautical miles ( 8 @,@ 300 km ; 5 @,@ 160 mi ) at 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) ..
Liquigas – Bianchi finished as the winners of the Trofeo Fast Team classification , ranking each of the twenty @-@ two teams contesting the race by lowest cumulative time.
The Junta appointed new members for the Audiencia loyal to the revolution.
Baylor 's starting quarterback , Blake Szymanski , was questionable for the game because of a mild concussion he suffered in a game against Kansas.
He began by sending a private letter to the President , which he later released to the press , informing Roosevelt that he would soon regret his " foolish words ... With all my soul I regret this necessity and shrink from it , but you have brought it upon yourself.
In 1934 , Polish biologist Antoni <unk> wrote <unk> polski ( Polish cochineal ) , a monograph taking into account both the insect 's biology and historical role ..
This Bronze Age community and installations at Euonymeia are thought to have had close links to the central palatial authority in Athens , possibly supplying the sails and ropes for the 50 ships that Athens is said to have contributed to the Trojan war ..
In stoppage time , Gaël Clichy was penalised for a foul on Stuart Parnaby in the penalty area ; McFadden scored Birmingham 's awarded penalty to draw the match 2 – 2.
In the USA , the imperative to provide the lowest price per volume on motor fuels and the lowest taxation rate , combined with lax legislation of fuel content before the year 2000 , encouraged refineries to use MMT.
Ibn Hamdan 's troops reportedly captured 500 horses and 400 silver necklaces as well.
" In his 19th @-@ century translation of the Poetic Edda , Henry Adams Bellows comments that " some scholars have regarded [ Frigg ] as a solar myth , calling her the sun @-@ goddess , and pointing out that her home in Fensalir ( " the sea @-@ halls " ) symbolizes the daily setting of the sun beneath the ocean horizon.
In addition to passengers , major cargo shipments included seasonal shipments of herring , as well as lumber from the surrounding areas.
The brothers made swift progress , forcing Prince Centurione to retire to Glarentza , which was unsuccessfully attacked by the Byzantines.
In life , Lindow Man would have measured between 5 ' 6 " and 5 ' 8 " ( 1 @.@ 68 and 1 @.@ 73 m ) tall and weighed about 132 pounds ( 60 kg ).
After the Germans claimed that Leipzig had been attacked by an unidentified submarine off Oran , it formally withdrew from international patrols to enforce the agreement.
She was the one the residents of Los Alamos turned to when they needed a puppy , a goose for Oppenheimer 's Christmas dinner , or a doctor who performed abortions.
Van Nistelrooy was retroactively banned for three matches as his challenge on Cole was missed by Riley ..
He appeared in several television advertisements for Nike and , during the 2007 – 08 Bundesliga season , starred in a one @-@ off television show called The Franck Ribéry Show , which aired on Direct 8 in France.
Upon the privatisation of British Rail in 1997 , services were franchised to Wales & West , which was in turn succeeded in 2001 by Wessex Trains , an arm of National Express.
As Athena is not traditionally a patron of Achilles , Sommerstein sees her presence in this and other portrayals of Troilus ' death as evidence of the early standing of the prophetic link between Troilus ' death and the fall of Troy , Athena being driven , above all , by her desire for the city 's destruction ..
In 1974 , Taylor moved back to Ogden to live with his grandmother , but soon returned to Florida ..
Classic FM believed that despite the restrictions placed on Williams , he still managed to create a " moving theme.
The first tethered flight took place at Dunsfold Aerodrome on the 21 October and free flight hover was achieved on 19 November , after which the first publicity photos were released.
In 1905 , Villa won the FA Cup with a then record crowd of 101 @,@ 117 watching the match at Crystal Palace , where Villa beat Newcastle United 2 – 0.
The story is set in the DC Universe but is non @-@ canon , similar to an Elseworlds story.
The secondary market started with comic book stores , and hobby shops displaying and selling cards , with the cards ' values determined somewhat arbitrarily by the employees of the store.
Julie Richardson writing for Orange U.K. said she " loved a good TV scrap " and the serial had " a corker " with Becky and Kylie 's fight which took place in 2011.
When the match begins , L Dubba E defeats JTRO in the first round but JTRO perseveres and wins the second and third rounds.
An extended Amlwch station received a canopy by 1884.
When the state initially signposted its state highways in 1919 , Telegraph Road from the Ohio state line north to Dearborn was assigned the original M @-@ 10 designation.
Pundits and coaches sometimes characterized Turner as a quarterback who did not excel during practices , but executed well on game @-@ day.
One <unk> flight was diverted and landed in Kunming as a result.
" Ricky Gervais has been cited as saying " the last thing I got genuinely excited about on British TV was Peep Show , which I thought was the best sitcom since Father Ted ".
The Opening ceremony of the Games showcased the cultural heritage of both the attending continents - Asia and Africa.
The committee left open the form that the memorial would take , beyond stating that the memorial was not to be " utilitarian in character " , and debate over the form led to the emergence of a number of suggestions , many of which were covered in the media of the day.
In Annapolis Valley , strong winds heavily damaged the apple and grain crop , with farms experiencing losses up to 50 %.
When he was starting out as a writer on the show , Richdale was told to come up with some story ideas and he came up with the basic plot off the top of his head.
The roadway continues north as a municipal street to Main Street , which heads northwest through the Westminster Historic District ..
Maximum deformation occurred during the late Miocene , with the formation of tectonic highs and lows.
It is also used in coatings for paper.
They experience thirst , hunger , injury , and fear , culminating with the only two surviving migrants being turned away by a vigilante at the border.
The name Slavonia originated in the Early Middle Ages.
Neto begs his parents to take him with them and they refuse.
Although he hated to fly , at some indeterminate point , he visited the training camps of every team and lectured on the danger gamblers posed to the league ..
In its original American broadcast on April 1 , 2001 , " Simpson Safari " received a 7 @.@ 5 rating , according to Nielsen Media Research , translating to approximately 7 @.@ 7 million viewers.
Loerzer and Richthofen committed two Stuka units to the attack.
Reid and McLaren came up with the notion of selling the record in a completely wordless , featureless black sleeve.
After a period of neglect during the 18th century , George III and George IV renovated and rebuilt Charles II 's palace at colossal expense , producing the current design of the State Apartments , full of Rococo , Gothic and Baroque furnishings.
However , Smith initially gave up the game when Nelson could no longer afford to pay him.
In addition to sharing nests , they will also interact vocally or physically with their range @-@ mate while they forage at night.
He regularly recorded for The Simpsons and filmed Herman 's Head during the same day.
Rymkus stayed with the team for the 1965 season , resigning in January 1966.
The circus was still based out of the Hillcrest Recreation Center 's gym , and had to work around the schedule of the other regular activities in the facility.
Cats also throw themselves to the ground in a defensive posture to rake their opponent 's belly with their powerful hind legs ..
Critics gave generally positive to mixed reviews for the Anthology version of the game.
NY 424 began at an intersection with NY 380 in the town of Stockton.
In 1909 he received a serious leg injury while on stage at the Belfast Hippodrome during a performance of the Serpentine Dance.
Later that year , Lynn joined Marvin Gaye 's Midnight Love Tour as a backup vocalist.
But if anyone thinks the Catholic League is going to go ballistic over Lady Gaga 's latest contribution , they haven 't a clue about what really constitutes anti @-@ Catholicism.
The close similarities between Gorgosaurus libratus and Albertosaurus sarcophagus have led many experts to combine them into one genus over the years.
The New Zealanders withdrew from the area altogether on 13 January 1944 ..
Reviews of the film following a press screening were generally positive.
One girl suggests that they can make money by moving bricks in a nearby brickyard , and Wei begins giving the students mathematical exercises centered on finding out how much money they need to earn for the bus tickets , how many bricks they need to move , and how much time it will take.
In April 2009 , sales from the nail polish bottles Mauboy created with Bloom Cosmetics were donated to Children 's Hospital Foundations Australia to support the research into childhood illness.
The fifth finger was free and could be used to manipulate objects.
Group two commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Lovat would land at Orange Two and take out the beach defences.
These included three Polish infantry divisions : the 11th ( from the Bug River to Leśniakowizna ) , the 8th ( Leśniakowizna to Okuniew ) and the 15th ( Okuniew to the Vistula River ).
Oxford 's head coach Patrick Sweeney noted : " If [ Cambridge ] get away , they will be hard to beat.
As a punishment , the children must clean a police billboard with Wiggum on it ..
Dupuy de Lôme 's completion was delayed by almost two years by problems with her boilers , but she was finally commissioned in 1895 and assigned to the Northern Squadron ( Escadre du Nord ) , based at Brest , for most of her career.
No. 38 Squadron relocated to RAAF Station Schofields near Sydney on 15 August 1946.
Only until Delphine 's lawyer got involved and told Interplay they legally could not change the music did Interplay relax this change ..
Instead , the USS Reliant model created for Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan was used.
Returning to base he spotted a Ju 87 that had double @-@ backed , hoping to slip past the defences to attack the aircraft carrier.
The gun velocity needed to be only 1 @,@ 000 feet per second ( 300 m / s ) , a third that of Thin Man.
Thus , the Venetian language became , if not the common language of the Ionians , at least the prestige one.
Furthermore , the Revolution decisively determined the future structure of the kirk.
Like the other two , kulintang music is primarily orchestral with several rhythmic parts orderly stacked one upon another.
Matthew traces Jesus ' ancestry to Abraham through David.
After larval development in the first year , juveniles pass another year or two before reaching maturity ; in the north and at higher elevations , this can take longer.
When Marina kisses her , Jenny sees her life going into a tailspin and forces her to reckon with herself.
Such an approach was not confined to castles , but was also applied to the fortified towns of the day.
While she is sitting on the nest , the male is constantly bringing more provisions and they may pile up beside the female.
Twenty Mustangs owned by the Bureau of Land Management were introduced in 1939.
The primary concession Hayes promised would be the withdrawal of federal troops from the South and an acceptance of the election of Democratic governments in the remaining " unredeemed " states of the South.
For performances of the track , the stage was decorated with cartoonish link sausages and rib @-@ eye steak that dangled from the rafters , while Perry was dressed in a catsuit.
The relationship , Gozdor asserted , that the Court set forth was that the restriction " distorted " private speech.
The facial nerve ( seventh cranial nerve ) is affected occasionally – - the result is total or partial weakness of the muscles of facial expression on one or both sides of the face ..
R & B and classic hip hop melodies were also used depending on the scenes , and each character had a specific theme.
" It Takes Two " , a solo for Link , was moved from its place in the stage musical ( on Tracy 's first day on The Corny Collins Show ) to an earlier Corny Collins scene , although only the coda of the song is used in the final release print , and the song 's background music can be heard immediately after the reprise of " The Nicest Kids in Town ".
Lady manages to phase through a wall , and the two hear the Ice King 's voice coming from a ventilation shaft.
On the penultimate game of the season , Reading faced Watford at Vicarage Road.
" Reading down " involves choosing an interpretation that is compatible , where more than one is strictly possible.
20th Century Fox Television and Imagine TV were the production companies for the show that eventually became The Playboy Club.
RAAF C @-@ 130s continued to support operations in and around Australia during the early 2000s.
On the afternoon of 25 October a platoon from 3 RAR was fired on by two companies of North Koreans as they crossed the Taeryong River to conduct a reconnaissance of the west bank , and although they were subsequently forced to withdraw , the Australians took 10 prisoners with them.
The roadway subsequently crosses into southern Wexford County.
The school Stowe sponsored closed in 1929.
She said no even though I had a very clear idea of how she would look in the video.
In North Africa , the Germans launched an offensive in January , pushing the British back to positions at the Gazala Line by early February , followed by a temporary lull in combat which Germany used to prepare for their upcoming offensives.
When President Day retired in July 1996 , SDSU 's incoming freshman had a 38 % success rate in graduating from the university within six years.
The collection grew larger over the years as individual Benchers such as Sir John Finch and Sir John Bankes left books or money to buy books in their wills , and the first Librarian was appointed in 1646 after members of the Inn had been found stealing books ..
Barn swallows ( and other small passerines ) often have characteristic feather holes on their wing and tail feathers.
This has been described as " the inauguration of women 's studies within classics ".
The cause was probably a build @-@ up of firedamp that was ignited by an electric spark from equipment such as electric bell signalling gear.
As a result , Cordelia Chase was created to embody the traits of that shallower Buffy.
I think that would be pretty much ideal.
The action of 28 January was the final battle between British and German warships in Norwegian waters during World War II.
However , he believed that the episode suffered from a poor opening act , and was critical of what he saw as a poor performance by guest star Steven Rankin.
By marrying Aspasia without the permission of the Archbishop , Alexander was to cause a major scandal ..
Occurring in the Pacific Northwest and California floristic provinces of North America , A. ocreata associates with oak trees.
Dromtön built Reting Monastery in Lhünzhub County in 1056.
Overall , Walternate 's Machiavellian role in this story works , and the most important takeaway from this story is that it moved the overarching plot forward in one huge leap.
Batman remembered the events like in the comic , where a fleeing Joker attempted to escape while trying to claim that he was set up but accidentally fell into the toxic waste and disfigured him.
Many of the firefighters appearing as extras in " Subway " were Baltimore firefighters.
Since his 2011 season and Ivan Lendl 's coaching , he has worked to improve his consistency , second serve and mental game , resulting in a more offensive game ..
The plaza , also known as Lippmann Arcade , is a pedestrian walkway that leads to a municipal parking lot and several bus stops on 39th Avenue ..
Three of Oxford 's crew had won two Boat Races each , while Cambridge featured two former Blues who had won none.
Observation shows that most male redbacks never get an opportunity to mate , and the " lucky " ones increase the likely number of offspring by ensuring that the females are well @-@ fed.
Stephen was also rapidly running out of money : Henry 's considerable treasury had been emptied by 1138 due to the costs of running Stephen 's more lavish court and the need to raise and maintain his mercenary armies fighting in England and Normandy ..
Another incident , the killing of two off @-@ duty British soldiers who drove into an IRA funeral procession , brought the media into conflict with the government after journalists present at the funeral declined a Royal Ulster Constabulary request to hand over footage of the incident amid concerns doing so would put them at risk.
Eisenberg and Stupnitsky later noted that , because the episode was the first to be filmed following the strike , there was " a great , loose vibe on set " , and as such , many of the actors would break character and laugh at the jokes.
Dr. Philip <unk> dismissed the possibility of schizophrenia and several other disorders ( Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and ergot poisoning ) in a chapter on Joan of Arc in his book " Post @-@ Mortem " in 2007 ..
Ten years later , on October 24 , 1963 , President John F. Kennedy — in what would be one of his last official acts before his assassination — ordered Kawakita released from prison on the condition that he leave the United States and be banned from ever returning.
600 @-@ 850 CE and suggests that the three @-@ faced Vishnu images of Gupta era as well as Gupta icons of Vishvarupa ( another form of Vishnu ) inspired the iconography of the Vaikuntha Chaturmurti , which developed in Kashmir in the 8th century and attached the fourth head on the back of the older icon of a three @-@ faced Vishnu.
X @-@ ray emission from the core is aligned with the massive stars surrounding the central bar and the Galactic ridge ..
The Alaska 's Mark 8 guns were the heaviest main battery of any cruiser of World War II , and as capable as the old 14 " / 50 caliber gun used on the U.S. Navy 's pre @-@ treaty battleships ..
A hit by Quebec 's Dale Hunter on Montreal goaltender Steve Penney sparked a bench @-@ clearing brawl at the end of the second period.
At the time , Khanh was also secretly negotiating with the communists , hoping to put together a peace deal so he could expel the Americans from Vietnam.
The concept for the show was originally developed from the sketch @-@ series Dave Hollins : Space Cadet on the BBC Radio 4 show Son of Cliché in the mid @-@ 1980s , written by Rob Grant and Doug Naylor.
Ivan accuses Paul of doing it on purpose , but he eventually deals with being outed ..
Joel Robbins of Cambridge University notes that most anthropologists attribute the theology 's appeal to the poor — especially in the Global South — to the fact that it promises security and helps explain capitalism.
Despite catching a " crab " , the Dark Blues continued to overhaul Cambridge and were level by the bottom of Chiswick Eyot.
Davis then modified the Kentucky marriage licenses to no longer mention her name.
Queen Elizabeth had certainly been worried about the possibility and sent messages to Anne warning her not to listen to papist counsellors and requesting the names of anyone who had tried to convert her ; Anne had replied that there was no need to name names because any such efforts had failed.
From 1938 , he was the chess correspondent for The Times , succeeded in 1945 by Harry Golombek ..
Kozara , located in northern Bosanska Krajina and centred around Mount Kozara , covers about 2 @,@ 500 square kilometres ( 970 square miles ).
He helped found a hospital and a priory , and died in 1234 after a months @-@ long illness ..
After one season , Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.
Stratfor had been given access to the papers collected by American forces from bin Laden 's Abbottabad house.
Hamilton 's mother had been married previously to Johann Michael <unk> of St. Croix.
This caused some grumbling amongst the men , since Arnold was not particularly well respected.
Concerned about losing more of his troops , Darius halted the march at the banks of the Volga River and headed towards Thrace.
Afterwards , aided by two consecutive 29 @-@ yard plays ( via Brandon Marshall 's defensive pass interference , followed by Wilson 's 29 @-@ yard catch ) , the Bears reached the Broncos ' 19 @-@ yard line , where Gould eventually kicked a 37 @-@ yard field goal.
When rehearsals began in October 1874 the orchestra had difficulties with the score , finding some parts unplayable.
Individual brain chemistry and metabolism play a large role in determining a person 's response to psilocybin ..
This period saw the building of Hindu temples and a flourishing of literature , both in Tamil and Sanskrit ..
Sanford found his years in the Senate frustrating.
Maya means that the world is not as it seems ; the world that one experiences is misleading as far as its true nature is concerned.
It opened on 14 January 2011 in the United Kingdom.
To distinguish it from the Turkic Azerbaijani or Azeri language , this Iranian language , is designated as the Azari language ( or Old Azari language ) , because the Turkic language and people are also designated as " <unk> " or " Azari " in the Persian language.
She later marries her lover , who had come to see her marry Mandhiyappan , and challenges her brother Chinna Malaikozhundhu ( Ponvannan ) to marry his daughters off to her sons ( the marriage of cousins is a gounder custom ).
A couple of months after his draft , Johansen signed with Columbus to a three @-@ year , entry @-@ level contract on September 9 , 2010.
He entered the <unk> business in 1904 when he developed a " windshield pipe " to allow motorists to smoke while driving ..
To us , he was the expert ".
The Raiden from Mortal Kombat 1 then gets the message and experiences a premonition.
R.C. MacLeod wrote of another tradition which stated that the flag was waved at a battle in Waternish , in about 1580 ; and of another which told of how it was waved during a time when a cattle plague was raging , and that it stopped the murrain.
This effectively established the Hospice de Saint @-@ Pélagie as a religious community , of which Bourget proclaimed Sophie Raymond to be the superior.
Unable to earn anyone 's faith in his capabilities , he handles the film @-@ making himself.
Although the FVdG insisted that the " goal is everything and ... must be everything " ( a play on Bernstein 's formula that " the final goal , whatever it may be , is nothing to me : the movement is everything " ) , it was unable to do much more than keep its own structures alive during World War I. Immediately after the declaration of war , FVdG tried to continue its antiwar demonstrations to no avail.
She tells him she is on her way from the airport and asks for his room number.
Ponticelli was survived by at least one child , his then @-@ 78 @-@ year @-@ old daughter , Janine <unk> ..
It introduced several new weapons , new non @-@ player characters , both friendly and hostile and new , previously unseen areas of the facility.
However , in a change of rules , drivers were now eliminated during the session , with the slowest runner at a given point being taken out from contention every ninety seconds , beginning seven minutes into Q1 , six minutes into Q2 and five minutes into Q3 ..
Altogether , over 200 toxins have been isolated from the limited number of amphibian species that have been investigated ..
During the challenge cup period , none of the leagues that played for the trophy had a formal playoff system to decide their respective champions ; whichever team finished in first place after the regular season won the league title.
They changed the structure of the entire show to a more narrative format , which made the show easier for young children to navigate.
" Zayat also had difficulty obtaining the name from the Jockey Club , as it had been reserved by Earle I. Mack , who owned race horses and also happened to be the chairman of the board of Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law , at Zayat 's alma mater , Yeshiva University.
In 1846 , Henry Poole , credited as creator of the dinner jacket or tuxedo , opened an entrance at 37 Savile Row from his late father 's tailoring premises at 4 Old Burlington Street.
In the wake of the storm , a body was recovered from debris along a road in Saint Catherine.
The longest documented movement for an individual horn shark is 16 km ( 9 @.@ 9 mi ) ..
It is the most common ; though around 30 % of individuals with PD do not have tremor at disease onset , most develop it as the disease progresses.
There was back and forth action between the two teams , as all of the superstars were able to participate in the match.
The business had been established on the basis that the cemetery would handle between 10 @,@ 000 and 50 @,@ 000 burials per year , but the number never exceeded 4 @,@ 100 and over its first 20 years of operations averaged just 3 @,@ 200.
Widespread damage occurred to structures , with numerous roofs being torn off.
Favre 's season with the Jets started well ; in week four of the 2008 season , he threw six touchdowns against the Arizona Cardinals , a personal best and one fewer than the NFL record.
They have certain specific duties , such as greeting new students arriving at Astraea Hill , participating in important school events , and serving as mediator between disputes in student council meetings of the three schools , among others.
Apart from Spain and Portugal ( 33 @,@ 217 and 7 @,@ 684 pairs in 2004 / 05 respectively ) , populations are generally much less stable.
He met the Uranium Committee , and visited Berkeley , California , where he spoke persuasively to Ernest O. Lawrence , who was sufficiently impressed to commence his own research into uranium at the Berkeley Radiation Laboratory.
On 18 December , nine of the transports reached the bay , accompanied by two men @-@ of @-@ war , with another seven arriving on 20 December.
The congested streets and the distance to the City from the stations to the north and west prompted many attempts to get parliamentary approval to build new railway lines into the City.
Joyce had a light tenor voice ; he was taught by Vincent O 'Brien and Benedetto Palmieri ; in 1904 won a bronze medal at the competitive music festival Feis <unk>.
Sarnia is a city in Southwestern Ontario , Canada , and had a 2011 population of 72 @,@ 366.
To seek better fortunes , his father , Lee Lip Chai , emigrated to Negri Sembilan , Malaysia , where he started a horse @-@ drawn transport service and a provision shop , then initiated a series of charitable projects , including setting up a clan association and schools.
The behind @-@ the @-@ scenes program would air throughout the day on both channels , including the regular programming on partner channels like MTV Hits.
Upon returning to the ship , the Captain learns that the ship is trapped in an alternative dimension ( referred to as Dimension VVVVVV ) , and that the ship 's crew has been scattered throughout this dimension.
This fundamental re @-@ write was accomplished both through editing the principal footage , and new and revised scenes filmed during pick @-@ ups in 2004 ..
ARIES went into storage in 2006 ..
By the afternoon , the storm had attained winds of 60 mph ( 95 km / h ) and steadily tracked towards the Florida Panhandle.
In late 1969 , Genesis retreated to a cottage that MacPhail 's parents owned in Wotton , Surrey to write , rehearse , and develop their stage performance.
The chemical properties of this silvery gray , crystalline transition metal are intermediate between rhenium and manganese ..
West performed the song on Saturday Night Live , at the 2010 BET Awards , at the 2011 Coachella Music Festival , and his Watch the Throne Tour.
On 18 April 1944 , the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was again activated , this time at Guadalcanal , and placed in reserve for a time , commanded by Brigadier General Lemuel C. Shepherd.
After seeing the success from televising the final games of the tournament , Castleman Chesley believed that " ACC basketball could be as popular as any TV show in North Carolina.
The remnant trough reached the northwestern Gulf of Mexico later that day , briefly producing scatter thunderstorms before it diminished ..
Since 30 March 2014 the search has been coordinated by the Joint Agency Coordination Centre ( JACC ) , an Australian government agency established specifically to co @-@ ordinate the search effort to locate and recover Flight 370 , which primarily involves the Malaysian , Chinese , and Australian governments ..
Cena instead smashed Rowan ( who had gotten on the ring apron ) with the chair , so Wyatt capitalized by rolling him up for another near fall.
Ever since the Peace Candle was first erected , some Easton residents have been critical of the structure , arguing it is a tacky symbol of the over @-@ commercialization of Christmas and not a tasteful way to convey a message of peace.
Geoffroy 's tamarin becomes sexually mature at about 2 years , and can live up to 13 years ..
After the hosts ’ openers had put on 74 , Johnson removed both in quick succession to leave Gloucestershire at 2 / 79.
He took a position with the NFL 's Minnesota Vikings.
Community Trolls ' first public performance was busking outside the 40 Watt Club in Athens in September , 1983.
Puck , appalled , joins the celibacy club.
The sledding track , especially , would incur high operating costs , estimated at between NOK 5 and 6 million per year.
Jumping Flash ! was developed by Japanese developers Exact ( Excellent Application Create Team ) and Ultra.
Taking a detailed look at the internal head skeleton of Tiktaalik roseae , in the October 16 , 2008 , issue of Nature , researchers show how Tiktaalik was gaining structures that could allow it to support itself on solid ground and breathe air , a key intermediate step in the transformation of the skull that accompanied the shift to life on land by our distant ancestors ..
Brought back under her influence , Cent turns on the group , killing Octa and Dito.
Siddig was already well known as playing regular character Julian Bashir in Star Trek : Deep Space Nine.
On 31 August 1939 she went to her war station at Portland and embarked the two squadrons of Swordfish.
Due to foul weather over the Channel , Brill flew at an altitude of less than 200 feet ( 60 m ) until crossing the French coast.
The Burdenko commission 's conclusions would be consistently cited by Soviet sources until the official admission of guilt by the Soviet government on 13 April 1990 ..
The three parts of the song , namely the bridge , where Madonna sings " what can help me now " , the chorus and the verse flow together strongly.
Yuji Horii , in a 1989 interview , said that developers had perfected the series ' game structure in Dragon Quest III , and this was reflected by the transition from one character 's quest to a party of heroes.
Halo 2 is a 2004 first @-@ person shooter video game developed by Bungie Studios.
Kristine Sutherland ( Joyce ) was informed during the third season that her character would be killed off , which she accepted because she intended to spend time in Europe.
Townsend chose the name as an homage to the 1981 Kitarō album of the same name , which he " loved as a kid " ..
In this way , a solar eclipse is an occultation of the Sun.
After reaching hurricane intensity on September 5 , the storm strengthened significantly , becoming a Category 4 hurricane on September 6.
For their September 18 show at Hollywood Bowl , reviewer Keith Plocek of LA Weekly felt that the group played a set of " solid tunes " , while Consequence of Sound 's Philip Cosores rated a few of the songs as " pretty @-@ perfect @-@ sounding renditions " , and commented that Kim Deal 's " rock and roll soul is still as strong as ever " ..
In the late 1860s , when Ballard was a new settlement along the edge of Salmon Bay , a homesteader named Ira Wilcox Utter helped create a freeholders ' library.
One cycle of the ride took approximately 2 minutes and 15 seconds ..
If you love your country , you serve her.
When Congress passed a compromise measure in 1928 , Coolidge declined to take credit for it and signed the bill in private on May 15 ..
The joint @-@ degree programs allow students to earn both a JD and a Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) concurrently in a four @-@ year program , or complete a bachelor and JD in six years.
Although , his first novel was initially unsuccessful , Trollope was undeterred and in all , went on to write forty @-@ seven novels , as well as dozens of short stories and a few books on travel.
The demand was broadcast at a public press conference where Rajoelina also promised to dedicate a politically open public space in the capital which he would call Place de la democratie ( " Democracy Place " ) ..
Donkey Kong is one of the most important titles from the Golden Age of Video Arcade Games , and is one of the most popular arcade games of all time ..
Late Bronze Age Greece was divided into a series of warrior kingdoms , the most important being centered in Mycenae , to which the culture of this era owes its name , Tiryns , Pylos and Thebes.
One reviewer , in 1892 , wrote : " The world will not rest satisfied till every scrap of her writings , letters as well as literature , has been published " ..
Waugh wrote that the settle was " looking very well between the windows of the morning @-@ room ".
A Russian person wants to find the truth.
In the draft , Alabama tied a school record with four players selected in the first round.
" It was a terrible mistake , " Kelly said , " as bad as it was that she had died , it 's equally exciting that she hadn 't.
By reaching the final , Stoke qualified for the 2011 – 12 UEFA Europa League.
These trains will feature new 22 " LCD TVs , like their counterpart trains on former @-@ KCR lines equipped with Newsline Express , offering better infotainment such as news and announcements.
After recording the second version of the song , Lennon wanted to do something different with it , as Martin remembered : " He 'd wanted it as a gentle dreaming song , but he said it had come out too raucous.
Meanwhile , Susan begins investigating Mary Alice 's suicide after she and her friends discover a blackmail note addressed to her.
The series ran from 1991 to 1998 , and followed the exploits of vampire Radu Vladislas , portrayed by Anders Hove , and his efforts to turn Michelle Morgan into his fledgling.
In the process he broke Spartan military power with his victory at Leuctra and liberated the Messenian helots , a group of Peloponnesian Greeks who had been enslaved under Spartan rule for some 230 years , having been defeated in the Messenian War ending in 600 BC.
The ship became the flagship of the Group of Torpedo Boat Flotillas ( later redesignated as the 1st Torpedo Boat Flotilla ) of the 1st Squadron ( <unk> Escadre ) , based at Toulon , on 1 May 1928.
The route passes through an S @-@ curve during which it crosses to the north side of the Amtrak Northeast Corridor.
It is recommended that mitoxantrone be discontinued at the first signs of heart damage , infection or liver dysfunction during therapy.
At the Rebellion pay @-@ per @-@ view , Edge faced Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman in a Handicap match for the WWE Championship where Lesnar retained the title after Lesnar pinned Edge.
The site of Köllnischer Park was just outside Cölln in the Middle Ages.
Kersal Moor is an area of moorland spanning 8 hectares ( 20 acres ) in Kersal ; it is a local nature reserve and a Site of Biological Importance.
On 2 March 1955 Sihanouk abdicated the throne , and was in turn succeeded by his father , Suramarit.
It immediately took over Andøya Rocket Range and TSS followed suit in 1990.
Biographer Hannah Fink estimated that Oliver produced 290 works over a career of 22 years.
During a meeting of British and Greek military and political leaders in Athens on 13 January 1941 , General Alexandros Papagos — Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of the Hellenic Army — asked Britain for nine fully equipped divisions and corresponding air support.
MacArthur formed his own signals intelligence organization , known as the Central Bureau , from Australian intelligence units and American cryptanalysts who had escaped from the Philippines.
Railways made the final , where they faced Punjab.
Ordered in 1931 , the ship was constructed by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company , and entered naval service in 1933.
These units , consisting of two platoons of combat engineers with mines at division level and one company of combat engineers normally equipped with 500 – 700 mines at corps level , functioned as anti @-@ tank reserves at every level of command ..
Attempts by workers to organise into a trade union were fiercely opposed by the employers.
She was inducted into the Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame in 2012.
It is unknown whether any of the self @-@ nominees for alternate membership in the 10th Central Committee were elected.
Eventually , following their repeated failures before Constantinople , and the continued resilience of the Byzantine state , the Muslims began to project the fall of Constantinople to the distant future.
The lower edge of the belt abreast the magazines was continued down another 3 feet ( 0 @.@ 9 m ) by a 4 inches ( 100 mm ) thickness of high @-@ tensile steel inclined at 36 ° to prevent a shell from reaching the magazines via a wave trough at high speed.
He retrieves the anti @-@ virus , but is ambushed and killed by a Licker as the survivors watch on a security monitor.
Fans were allowed to vote for their favourite acts and the ones with the most would proceed to the finals ; Shakira and her team would then pick the winner out of them.
The raiders ransacked his property and the <unk> felt threatened until the Black and Tans happened across a framed photo of Crean in Royal Navy dress uniform and medals.
According to a War Office training pamphlet dated 29 August 1940 , the sticky bomb should be regarded as a portable demolition device which can be " quickly and easily applied ".
Heinzen 's initial concept differed from the finished character.
, with assistance from Carl Edwards , became the leader before Bowyer and Burton passed them on lap 87.
First , Shah Tahmasp had the Baghdad governor loyal to Suleiman killed and replaced with an adherent of the Shah , and second , the governor of Bitlis had defected and sworn allegiance to the Safavids.
At the Media Summit held by Nintendo during the week of May 21 , 2007 , Reggie Fils @-@ Aime said that Metroid games " never played this way before " when referring to Corruption.
In October , Agamemnon and Monarch anchored in Maldonado Bay , in the mouth of the River Plate.
Renewables producing electricity accounted for almost half of the 208 GW of capacity added globally during 2011.
Although he also said it was meant as a joke when he said , " That wasn 't my idea ! I was on the phone to [ Rob Dickins , managing director of Warner Bros. ] , just <unk> and I said ' Oh , it 's the greatest album ever made.
When he comes onto the screen , audiences immediately take him seriously , since he radiates rich , smug and serious.
When the mutiny was put down , he had the leader flogged , put in irons , and sent to England aboard another ship.
Despite the injury , Bure was allowed to play the next night against the Sharks.
York City leased land at Bootham Crescent from York Cricket Club as a replacement for their ground at Fulfordgate , which was on the outskirts of the city.
This is a product of the University of Nottingham 's project on Sophocles ' fragmentary plays.
After this fiasco , Liu fled for his life , but only returned to Chengdu several years later to find that the Zhengde Emperor had died ..
In 2010 , Zakuani accepted a call up from Congo for a friendly match against Mali.
Disgruntled by increasingly negative coverage , he interrupted a family holiday in Cornwall to fly to Afghanistan in an effort to change the coverage through a series of interviews.
Flowers are perched on a pedicel ( i.e. , flower stalk ) raising them above the leaf whorl , and grow pinker as they age ..
It nevertheless had serious consequences for the Axis war effort in the North African theatre.
Canefe notes that her interviewees were proud to be Cypriot , but also of being British and not Turkish.
The advance entailed moving the battalion across approximately 1 @,@ 300 metres ( 1 @,@ 400 yd ) of open ground , while under the direct observation of German forces on high ground to the east of Proyart.
The desultory bombardment killed 12 Ottoman soldiers and severely wounded 23 more in addition to 7 dead civilians.
The local towns campaigned to keep the castle operational but in 1636 Charles issued an instruction to demolish it ; the garrison , by now led by Captain Thomas Porter , left the next year , followed by the artillery ..
The trams are bidirectional , with a driver 's cab at each end.
GameSpot enjoyed the game 's presentation , writing that " it exhibits a level of visual artistry and technical prowess matched or exceeded by few other GameCube games.
The script was locally written and intended to explore the " psyche of the three main characters ".
When she wakes up , Cyrus finds herself on her bed , in a skate ramp ; she is wearing a white T @-@ shirt , a black vest , red pants and black boots.
Sally gives Butters a 40 percent cut for his advertising and managing services , and Butters soon turns the venture into a full @-@ fledged " kissing company " by recruiting more girls to fill in during times in which Sally is busy.
FLCN creates a protein called folliculin that has two isoforms.
The following year , during Victoria 's annual holiday in continental Europe , he was presented to King Umberto I of Italy.
Red saves her family , but at a price — her consort is forced away by Red 's sister ..
Fans of the festival were outraged , claiming the band did not have the credibility to perform at the music festival.
This length of the highway is often travelled by a convoy of vehicles carrying a fallen soldier 's body , with his or her family , from CFB Trenton to the coroner 's office at the Centre for Forensic Sciences in Toronto.
It is located on Pamban Island separated from mainland India by the Pamban channel and is about 50 kilometres from Mannar Island , Sri Lanka.
Christians must be sensitive to the " weaker brother " , that is , the Christian who believes imbibing to be a sin.
Although Cao Cao had boasted command of 800 @,@ 000 men , Zhou Yu estimated Cao Cao 's actual troop strength to be closer to 230 @,@ 000.
By winning the 1956 NCAA Championship with USF and the 1957 NBA title with the Celtics , Russell became the first of only four players in basketball history to win an NCAA championship and an NBA Championship back @-@ to @-@ back ( the others being Henry Bibby , Magic Johnson , and Billy Thompson ).
I 'd put that as one of my top ten films , period.
According to Rosen , " This settlement is a satisfactory ending to what was a very complex set of issues.
He said , " in my opinion , all the subsequent events arose because ( McSorley ) kept pushing that ship and didn 't have enough training in weather forecasting to use common sense and pick a route out of the worst of the wind and seas.
The band was racially diverse , and included Euclid James " Motorhead " Sherwood who later became a member of the Mothers of Invention.
Copeland would spend most of her next three years with the Bradleys.
Corbin made the Diamondbacks ' Opening Day roster out of spring training in 2013 , pitching in the starting rotation.
In 1922 , the Chester War Memorial was installed in the cathedral grounds and dedicated to the fallen soldiers of the First World War and later the Second World War.
The storm originated from a tropical disturbance that formed east of Somalia on May 18.
In the paper , Heisenberg formulated quantum theory , avoiding the concrete , but unobservable , representations of electron orbits by using parameters such as transition probabilities for quantum jumps , which necessitated using two indexes corresponding to the initial and final states.
Rihanna promoted " What Now " on Alan Carr : Chatty Man and the song is included on the set list of her Diamonds World Tour ( 2013 ).
The A2 type were introduced for service onto the Port Adelaide system in 1917 and ran until closure of the system in the 1930s.
The Treasury Department eventually determined that the United States Coast Guard simply did not have the ships to constitute a successful patrol.
The relationship between Lwaxana and Timicin " has a believable core " , even if it is " broad and arguably rushed " , writes Handlen.
The organisation of women in the Liberal Party in Wales began around 1890 supported by prominent members Gwyneth Vaughan , Nora Phillips and Sybil Thomas.
He also started a new radio segment called " Medical Question Box " , where he would read listeners ' medical complaints over the air and suggest proprietary treatments.
The area is patrolled by the Montville police and it costs the majority of annual budget , but the service was seen as beneficial to ensure the safety of boaters and enforcing the rules ..
These schemes included a plan to grow oaks in the unlikely location of Sierra Leone for Royal Navy ships , a plan to ship Ascension rocks to England , and a plan to ship New Zealand flax to England which he discussed in a letter to Henry Bathurst , 3rd Earl Bathurst.
Entwistle contributed " Boris the Spider " and " Whiskey Man " and found a niche role as second songwriter.
It is possible for variety artists to appear in all of these.
Players navigate between puzzles using three small onscreen icons.
Glenn Gamboa from Newsday called the show " fierce " and " brainy " , saying that the singer " fired up " from the moment she took the stage , displaying an avant @-@ garde artistic sensibility.
Spawning is preceded by significant upstream migrations if high spring flows or floods allow.
Andrianampoinimerina gave Besakana to his adopted daughter Ramavo ( later to become Radama 's wife and eventually Queen Ranavalona I ).
According to this view , * o and * u were pharyngealized to / ɔ / and / ʊ / , then * y and * ø were velarized to / u / and / o /.
Before the plan could be enacted , the Russian veterans broke through this new Polish line of defence.
On 27 September 1916 , UB @-@ 7 departed Varna for operations off Sevastopol and was never heard from again.
Trumble made his Test cricket debut in the First Test against the English team at Lord 's Cricket Ground.
Nearby U.S. Marine listening posts heard " clanking " sounds , human voices , and other noises before withdrawing to the west bank of the creek.
Robert Indiana once said : " I knew Andy very well.
Aside from the video 's script , Carey channeled Marilyn Monroe , one of her icons growing up.
During 2007 Scottish and Southern Energy plc in conjunction with the University of Strathclyde began the implementation of a Regional Power Zone in the Orkney archipelago.
Later that night , Cena and Jericho were placed in a tag team match and faced off against Christian and Tyson Tomko.
The layout of the first two Megami Tensei games were noticeably different from later games : Megami Tensei used a 3D first @-@ person perspective , while Megami Tensei II used a combination of first @-@ person 3D displays for battle and top @-@ down 2D displays for navigation.
One cycle of the ride lasts about 2 minutes and 22 seconds ..
In August 2013 , NME reported that Sony Music were suing a forty @-@ seven @-@ year @-@ old man from Gothenburg for US $ 233 @,@ 000 concerning the leak of 4.
Later , Selendis commands the defenses of the dark templar archives on Ehlna against attack by Zerg and Ulrezaj , resulting in Ulrezaj 's defeat ..
Wellens moved into the overall lead , 1 ' 03 " ahead of Van Avermaet , with Kelderman dropping to third ..
He reasons that an air bubble , that got accidentally injected into the patient 's bloodstream through the gums , would explain all the symptoms.
" The alternate name <unk> , used by Johann Bayer , is derived from this ..
As in other dromaeosaurids , the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified tendons and super @-@ elongated bone processes.
Whittier began to grow after the completion of the railroad spur.
The controversy received national coverage when it was written about in the Los Angeles Times.
After returning to active service for about a year , she was decommissioned in June 1922.
After a short return , Tennessee 's offense started the half from its 30 @-@ yard line.
The Secret Service follows the adventures of Father Stanley Unwin , the parish priest of a rural English village.
" He praised the benefits of a " good writers room , " in which " scenes go to this place you never could have gone to alone.
He judged the extra time needed to set up an inboard design at the racetrack to outweigh this small improvement.
The team 's previous experience was with turn @-@ based combat games , and it struggled to develop a real @-@ time combat system affected by customizable attributes and abilities that provided feedback to the player on how those statistics were affecting the battle.
Alexios I Komnenos , the newly crowned Byzantine Emperor , dispatched an urgent message to Selvo asking for the mobilization of the Venetian fleet in defense of Durazzo in return for great rewards.
The circulation continued generally west @-@ southwestward until dissipating on October 5 to the north of Rodrigues island ..
In 2008 , Veitch told Brown that she believed that the JC 's Girls ministry needed to move to Las Vegas , and he responded supportively.
As soon as Edgar became king he reversed this act on the ground that <unk> had not been able to govern even his former diocese properly.
Thus , by degrees , this court has drawn over to itself actions which really belong to ... the Court of Common Pleas.
The process of bringing No. 1 Strip back into service went well.
Richard Gasquet , who was initially going to play , withdrew prior to his first match after suffering from right shoulder injury.
During the mid @-@ 1930s Andersen attempted to end his criminal career , became engaged , and started a furniture repair business.
This information was in line with the Polish plans to present the coup as an initiative by the local population to free Lithuania from German domination.
During summer 1977 , McLaren had been making arrangements for the feature film of his dreams , Who Killed Bambi ? , to be directed by Russ Meyer from a script by Roger Ebert.
His life 's work principally concerned the taxonomy , chemistry and toxicity of the gilled mushrooms ( Agaricales ) , especially those of the genus Cortinarius , and the ecology of ectomycorrhiza.
He dubbed this process " xenochrony " ( strange <unk> ) — reflecting the Greek " <unk> " ( alien or strange ) and " <unk> " ( time ).
Three roads with residential housing — Manor Way , Windmill Way , and Park Way — were completed before the outbreak of the First World War.
In deposit , the spores are bright yellowish orange.
There are 100 – 200 eggs in each capsule in freshwater , as opposed to 55 – 80 eggs in each capsule in brackish water.
The first portion of what is now known as I @-@ 70 to be completed across West Virginia was the Fort Henry Bridge across the main channel of the Ohio River , built in 1955.
The commission was disbanded in May 1970 , after having effectively served its purpose , and the members each received a letter of thanks from the governor ..
It shares land borders with Guinea and Liberia and is bordered to the west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Kepler was born on December 27 , the feast day of St. John the Evangelist , 1571 , at the Free Imperial City of Weil der Stadt ( now part of the Stuttgart Region in the German state of Baden @-@ Württemberg , 30 km west of Stuttgart 's center ).
Y. samlandicus specimens have fine to coarse punctuation ( small spots ) across the head and thorax and an overall coloration that is black , though some specimens have a reddish tone to the legs or antennae ..
Hollander was the 37th director certified by Moreno in psychodrama.
Rather , the rocket was moved a few miles north to Launch pad 39A , recently refurbished by SpaceX at the adjacent Kennedy Space Center , to conduct a static fire test on 15 January 2016.
Peace was again reached in late 1599 , when Michael was unable to continue the war due to lack of support from his allies ..
He was originally ( and again in retirement from the billiards circuit ) a Californian , but spent much of his professional career in Chicago , Illinois.
Jim Abbott of the Orlando Sentinel said that " Musically , songs such as ' Piece of Me , ' ' Radar ' and ' Break the Ice ' are one @-@ dimensional , robotic exercises.
Dorothy has fled the island in the night and an envelope is tacked to the front door with Hermie 's name on it.
The first verse follows , the lyrics are an international rally cry , targeted to a global market , as Melanie Chisholm described it : " We always wanted to do a carnival tune and write a song for the world.
The process of selecting a third jury consumed a year and a half.
A resident of the neighborhood described the happenings at 216 North Bonnie Brae with the following words :.
By the late 17th century , much of North America had been claimed by European countries.
This time , she gets to be the train wreck.
Populations were established , began to spread , and were monitored by use of synthetic mole cricket song.
Chris spends some time with Will and they begin dating , but the relationship ends when Will 's dog , Napoleon , bites Kyle 's dog Bossy , and Will refuses to accept responsibility or apologise ..
This state of affairs lasted until 1905 , when Einstein presented heuristic arguments that under various circumstances , such as when considering the photoelectric effect , light exhibits behaviors indicative of a particle nature ..
In an interview for Down Beat in 2011 , Taborn described his improvising style , particularly for solo piano.
The issues in past chapters appear superficial in comparison to the life @-@ or @-@ death nature of the conflicts that the <unk> face earlier in their lives.
Several new buildings were constructed , including nine dormitories and five academic buildings.
The second battle of Svensksund had clearly showed that the smaller and nimble gunboats and <unk> were far more efficient in coastal warfare and had all but displaced " archipelago frigates " in the inshore squadrons by the Finnish War of 1808 – 09 ..
M @-@ 139 crosses the St. Joseph River one last time south of the interchange with I @-@ 94 at its exit 28 ; M @-@ 139 then passes through the community of Fair Plain and enters the eastern edge of Benton Harbor.
In the film , she plays Eli , a child vampire who develops a friendship with the main character , 12 @-@ year @-@ old Oskar ( played by Kåre Hedebrant ).
In the Midwest , the flow of moisture from Audrey intersected a weather front to its north , creating a large storm with associated rainfall of 5 inches ( 130 mm ) to 11 inches ( 280 mm ) extending from central Missouri east @-@ northeast across central Illinois and central Indiana.
The gestation period lasts approximately one year , and the newborns measure about 15 – 16 cm ( 5 @.@ 9 – 6 @.@ 3 in ) long.
Those include Gradiška , Brod and Brčko in Bosnia @-@ Herzegovina and Stara Gradiška , Slavonski Brod and Gunja in Croatia opposite them ..
A considerable majority of Swedish residents born outside Sweden ( c.
She was built by Scotts , Greenock , and launched on 21 November 1945.
<unk> slowed considerably while Meseret Mengistu , Joyce Chepkirui and Fate Tola were the next to gradually lose contact with the front runners.
Carpenter was a local business man who operated his mercantile business in a shop that was shared with his brother , Joseph Carpenter , the silversmith.
During the second half of the 20th century , the star and crescent symbol came to be recognized as a symbol of Islamism , and Singapore 's flag came to be seen in this context by the nation 's Muslim activists.
This is one of the band 's most popular songs ..
He met the deadline only after being locked in a room by Brinnin 's assistant , Liz Reitell , and was still editing the script on the afternoon of the performance ; its last lines were handed to the actors as they put on their makeup.
In response to Gingrich 's complaint that they were " forced to use the rear door , " NBC news released their videotape footage showing both Gingrich and Dole disembarking at Tel Aviv just behind Clinton via the front stairway ..
Election banners and posters may not be displayed in such a way that they obscure the view of other banners and posters , or within 200 metres ( 660 ft ) ( or a shorter distance if so determined by the returning officer ) of a polling station.
Storm impacts mostly affected agriculture and transportation in the country ; over 200 @,@ 000 ha ( 490 @,@ 000 acres ) of crop fields were impacted.
Some caecilians , the alpine salamander ( Salamandra atra ) and some of the African live @-@ bearing toads ( Nectophrynoides spp.
When young , the mushrooms are enveloped in a membrane called the universal veil , which stretches from the top of the cap to the bottom of the stipe , imparting an oval , egg @-@ like appearance.
Edge won 31 championships in WWE overall , including 11 world championships ( the WWE Championship four times and the World Heavyweight Championship a record seven times ) , five Intercontinental Championships , one United States Championship , and 14 world tag team championships ( a record 12 World Tag Team Championships and two WWE Tag Team Championships ) , thus making him the 14th Triple Crown and 7th Grand Slam Champion.
Flieger @-@ <unk> ( 4th Flyers Training Division ) ..
You really wouldn 't want it to be any longer.
His tenure as CGS expired in August 2008 and he was succeeded for the last time by Sir David Richards.
The T @-@ 34 returned fire with its machine gun , and two bullets struck Shadrick in the chest and arm.
Richmond wrote the theme music , which was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Theme Music.
On 17 January 1865 , Canonicus , towed by the steam sloop @-@ of @-@ war Tuscarora , was ordered to join the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron and arrived at Charleston on 19 January.
377 retained this livery for a few years afterwards.
Free subscribers are shown advertisements provided by Massive Incorporated , a company that supplies in @-@ game advertising.
