According to Tina , the overall style of the line best reflects her and Beyoncé 's taste and style.
It had been assumed that the weapons in this fortification could not stop the airborne assault , but this assumption was found to be false when the weapons opened fire , forcing the airborne troops in the area to go to cover.
Although most of the lakes are concentrated near the poles ( where the relative lack of sunlight prevents evaporation ) , a number of long @-@ standing hydrocarbon lakes in the equatorial desert regions have also been discovered , including one near the Huygens landing site in the Shangri @-@ La region , which is about half the size of Utah 's Great Salt Lake.
Less than two years later , in June 1866 , Italy declared war on Austria , as part of the Third Italian War of Independence , which was fought concurrently with the Austro @-@ Prussian War.
The Season Four DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from this episode.
Even after Long convinced him of the public 's love of the works , Terhune initially did nothing towards the goal.
She later writes an apology letter , and the official accepts it , not without insulting her ..
Beliveau 's name appears on the Cup more than any other individual , ten times as a player and seven times as management for a total of seventeen times ..
He arrived in Paris on 8 January 1952 and began attending Messiaen 's courses in aesthetics and analysis , as well as Milhaud 's composition classes.
It was also included in the book titled 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Although the merger of the former Union Hill Hillers and Emerson Bulldogs had experienced some difficulties a year prior when the students were still housed at separate high schools ( called Union City High School 's North and South campuses , respectively ) , the merge had been ameliorated by the move of the unified student body to the single new school.
From its first issue on 12 May 1906 John Bull adopted a tabloid style that , despite occasional lapses in taste , proved immensely popular.
Social outings and visits , and family dinners are two of the first things that get cut back on due to the work / family conflict.
The militia set fire to a barn on the island , destroying 80 tons of hay , and prevented the British from taking more than 3 tons ..
The French commander — Destremau — had ordered the coal piles burned at the start of the action and now smoke began billowing over the town.
Weakening slightly , the system briefly transitioned into an extratropical storm on November 30 before dissipating later that day within the front ..
For example , consider the question " How many books does Juan own ? " The answer may be " zero " ( we know that he owns none ) or " null " ( we do not know how many he owns , or doesn 't own ).
Examination of the eigenvalues for bicycles with common geometries and mass distributions shows that when moving in reverse , so as to have rear @-@ wheel steering , they are inherently unstable.
Elsewhere , Syro was featured in Rolling Stone at number 41 on its " 50 Best Albums of 2014 " list , on Stereogum 's " 50 Best Albums of 2014 " at number 33 and Pitchfork Media 's " 50 Best Albums of 2014 " at number 4.
No Depression is cited by RealNetworks as one of the most important albums in the alternative country genre.
Many educated figures criticised what they saw as his role in encouraging superstition among the local population ; his death certificate recorded his profession as that of a " quack doctor " ..
Once goods have been admitted into the market they cannot be subjected to customs duties , discriminatory taxes or import quotas , as they travel internally.
Also in 2009 , she played the part of Desdemona in The Public Theatre production of Shakespeare 's tragedy Othello , co @-@ starring John Ortiz and Phillip Seymour Hoffman.
The first such episode , termed the Rock Mesa eruptive cycle , first spread tephra from flank vents from the south and southwest flanks , followed by a thick rhyolite lava flow.
An Executive Council was introduced in 1877 by letters patent issued by the Crown , Composed of " such persons and constituted in such manner as may be directed " by royal instructions , it existed to advise the Governor and wielded no executive power.
The consequence of suppressing wildfires has led to an overgrowth in forest vegetation , which provides excess fuel that increases the severity , range , and duration of a wildfire.
Two months later she participated in an exercise with the Home Fleet and was lightly damaged when she collided with the light carrier Vengeance while docking in Devonport on 7 November.
He was granted a short sick leave in England only to be present when news reached his family that his brother had been killed in action.
Depending on the speed and whether the Leaf is accelerating or decelerating , the sound system will make sweeping , high @-@ low sounds.
Studies conducted on freely moving rats and mice have shown that many hippocampal neurons have " place fields " , that is , they fire bursts of action potentials when a rat passes through a particular part of the environment.
The wingspan is also increased by 14 @.@ 3 feet ( 4 @.@ 36 m ) through the addition of raked wingtips.
Linden grew up watching the Tigers and idolized Lanny McDonald , who played in Medicine Hat before he joined the NHL ..
In the locality known as <unk> between Sozopol and Anchialus the two signed " lasting peace and eternal alliance " ..
World War II resulted in a dramatic increase of sponsored research , with the 1943 – 1944 budget being the first in which industry and government contracts exceeded the EES 's other income ( most notably , its state appropriation ).
Sales of Clamato were initially slow : Mott 's sold only 500 cases of Clamato in 1970 , but sales consistently increased after the company 's distributors discovered Chell 's drink.
On February 13 , 2008 , the single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) selling 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 copies.
Attempting to annihilate their opponents , Saturos and Menardi magically merge to form a massive two @-@ headed dragon , but Isaac 's party slay Saturos and Menardi for good.
The highway continues east towards Sheldon ..
Sharon Kay Penman ( born August 13 , 1945 ) is an American historical novelist , published in the UK as Sharon Penman.
Even Whorf 's defenders admitted that his writing style was often convoluted and couched in neologisms – attributed to his awareness of language use , and his reluctance to use terminology that might have pre @-@ existing connotations.
The men from the Lebanon were seized upon by the press ; their stories , and the details from Baalham 's wired account , formed the basis of the early newspaper accounts.
In 1997 , Gittings and Lahusen pushed the American Association of Retired Persons ( AARP ) to grant couple 's membership to them , for a reduced price on health insurance.
The wounds gush a thick liquid , covering the child.
An increase in sustainable agriculture , silviculture , conservation awareness , and improved education and health care have also furthered the goal of protecting the environment and promoting livelihoods centered on the remaining forest.
Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode a " B " , feeling that the episode had enough " fun and funny moments " to indicate that the series could " settle into a groove with time " , but also that there were cautious and predictable moments , and that even at its best , the episode feels like " the product of several hundred cooks.
" Alex Macpherson of The Guardian criticized " Lamar 's depiction of downtrodden women " as " unnecessarily prurient and unconvincing " , but praised his " ability to pull the listener inside the action while retaining an alienated detachment ".
In 1946 , he completed his pre @-@ war effort to get integrated spectra of globular clusters and published the work.
Jayasimha II used the legend Sri Jaya , Someshvara I issued coins with Sri Tre lo ka malla , Someshvara II used <unk> malla , <unk> 's coin carried Sri Lasha , and Jagadhekamalla II coinage had the legend Sri <unk>.
The regional trains were originally part of the Agenda concept.
Blacklock , still unnamed , had his first race as a three @-@ year @-@ old in the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaster on Monday 22 September.
Guddu takes the cocaine to the police , who bug him.
Moreover , it said that the graphics were colorful and that it complemented the music and its simplistic sound effects well.
Having failed to blockade or bottle up the Russian squadron at Port Arthur by sinking blockships in the harbor 's channel , the Japanese under Admiral Togo formulated a new plan.
For males , a full @-@ time mission is two years in length , and for females it lasts 18 months ..
He is placed in a coma and Lynnette 's body is shipped back to her home in West Virginia ..
He did basic training at Fort Dix and Fort Robinson as part of becoming an infantry rifleman.
He did so without consulting with Washington until after the attack began on 5 April 1951.
They ’ ve always made sure the video can change on @-@ the @-@ fly , in a way that can be improvised.
This was submitted to Congress in December 1915.
The team was hampered by a rash of injuries , including a knee injury that forced Middleton to sit for 12 games.
Black mambas weigh about 1 @.@ 6 kilograms ( 3 @.@ 5 lb ) on average.
U2 are an Irish rock band from Dublin.
Dee Dee convinced the other members to take on the name and came up with the idea of calling the band the Ramones.
Musical parody artist " Weird Al " Yankovic reprises his role as Banana Man in " We Fixed a Truck ".
After an exchange of dialogues , Gaga and Beyoncé travel through the desert and pull over at a diner.
In Australia 's second innings , Peel took three more wickets to return match figures of seven for 203 in 94 overs.
When a player tests positive , the rest of their team is subjected to testing ; another positive test can result in a disqualification of the entire team.
Flight 52 did not make contact with FAA flight service stations or flight watch en route , and the NTSB was unable to determine why.
Additionally , the Harvard Law Review wrote that " [ t ] he Court reached the correct outcome but via the wrong route " because its ruling " obfuscates the role of the licensing agreement " and because the " exhaustion doctrine is ill suited to address the challenges posed by self @-@ replicating technologies " ..
Upper @-@ level winds soon increased , and Zelda 's central convection became sheared.
Moore suspected that the film he shot " was likely to obliterate in the national psyche any notion of a ' good southerner '.
" The Guardian noted , " According to insiders and security experts , Scientologists have been conducting concerted campaigns for more than a decade to remove online information critical of the organisation.
Nationalism in Soviet Georgia emerged in 1989 when the weakening of the Soviet Union began.
The weekly newspaper Wednesday Review , founded in 1905 , is the first prominent journal to be published in Tiruchirappalli.
Of course , all their complaints and their letters which were printed in the local papers only helped to increase the queue at the box office.
A further role was salvaging damaged aircraft from units in the local area , and despatching them to No. 5 Aircraft Depot at RAAF Station Wagga , New South Wales , for repair ..
Hagström notes about the <unk> , " We 've never really been into the odd time signatures we get accused of using.
The inn was run by the Harris family , using rum and tobacco bought from ships.
A port of Candy Crush Saga made using the toolkit , which shared much of its code with the iOS version , was demonstrated , alongside the announcement that the King @-@ developed game would be bundled with Windows 10 at launch ..
Chicago 's bid was supported by major preliminary corporate commitments , philanthropic efforts by wealthy Chicagoans , promised planning participation by a wide range of community and government leaders , and the enthusiasm of the citizenry.
He was an officer of the corporation , and managed the company 's <unk> as director of woods operations until 1943.
It was rumoured that he inhaled snuff from her breasts , which earned her the nickname of <unk> ( <unk> ).
If someone was mentally ill then , he was sent to a psychiatric hospital and confined there until his dying day.
Criticism of government preparedness followed after Percy as emergency plans were not easily understood by the local population.
At the sight of Garuda — his perennial " eagle " adversary — Shesha <unk> in fear , leaving Aravan unprotected and leading ultimately to Alambusha beheading the weakened Aravan ..
Austin contends that commanding cruelty for its own sake is not illogical , so is not covered by Aquinas ' defence , although Aquinas had argued that sin is the falling short of a perfect action and thus not compatible with omnipotence ..
Two weeks after his Algiers speech and his return to Cuba , Guevara dropped out of public life and then vanished altogether.
He learned the classification of plants , and assisted with work on the collections of the University Museum , one of the largest museums in Europe at the time ..
A new , 14 @-@ foot ( 4 @.@ 3 m ) flame was built using a new type of quartz , which used 6 @,@ 000 watts to create a stronger light.
Meriwether Lewis of the Lewis and Clark Expedition wrote in his February 15 , 1806 , journal entry : " Their horses appear to be of an excellent race ; they are lofty , <unk> [ sic ] formed , active and durable : in short many of them look like fine English <unk> [ sic ] and would make a figure in any country.
In his heat , de Windt placed sixth with a time of 11 @.@ 02 seconds.
The trams are bidirectional , with a driver 's cab at each end.
MTV News reported that the track would serve as the lead single from Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded , a reissue of the original album to mark its first anniversary.
" Van Morrison , Jeff Beck and Jimi Hendrix were major influences during the early days of the band , and later influences included the pioneering twin lead guitars found in Wishbone Ash and American artists Little Feat and Bob Seger ..
" Scheduled for release in November 2001 , St. Martin 's Press added that about 500 @,@ 000 copies of the first print were ordered , and Morton received a six figure undisclosed amount as advance for writing the book.
In the late 1960s , a freeway was proposed by the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission to alleviate traffic on US 130 between Camden and Burlington.
Following a bidding war between rival labels , Silverchair signed a three @-@ album recording contract with Sony Music subsidiary Murmur Records.
Boeing was initially not convinced of CATIA 's abilities and built a physical mock @-@ up of the nose section to verify its results.
The Long Gallery has almost continuous bands of windows along its longer sides to the north and south , and a window to the west ; a corresponding window at the east end of the gallery is now blocked.
809 – 813 ) and al @-@ Ma 'mun ( r.
Intense Tropical Cyclone Carina was the strongest system of the season , attaining peak 10 minute winds of 205 km / h ( 125 mph ) in the open waters of the eastern portion of the basin.
Designed by Dennis <unk> , Vrettakos produced a red , " couture ' crystal spirit ' bodysuit " complete with fringe details on the limbs and " embellished with Swarovski crystals for stage @-@ ready shine " ..
At Against All Odds Angle took part in the 8 Card Stud Tournament to crown a new number one contender , but was defeated in the first round by Mr. Anderson , after Anderson used Angle 's dog tags to bust him open.
Heavily defended by mines and booby traps , the area had remained a Viet Cong safe haven despite previous operations by the US 173rd Airborne Brigade in June 1966 and two smaller ARVN operations.
" He resided in Rye , New York.
The filmmakers thought the moral message of the original tale was not appropriate , and decided to " put a spin on it " , by making the fulfillment of wishes seem like a great thing , but eventually becoming a problem.
Five more children were born during the war : Maria Elisabeth , Charles , Maria Amalia , Leopold and Maria Carolina ( 1748 – 1748 ).
In 2004 , Stylus ranked it 185th on their " Top 101 @-@ 200 Favourite Albums Ever " list.
The 1995 Pacific Grand Prix ( formally the II Pacific Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 22 October 1995 at the TI Circuit , Aida , Japan.
The last gravel section of highway was paved near <unk> by the Gratiot – Saginaw county line in the late 1950s.
The fourth track ( and second single ) , " My Heart Is Broken " , is a ballad written for harp and recorded with a piano.
Johnson had his harness straps on too loose , and wrenched his shoulders – revealing that his earlier rugby injury had not healed properly.
Changes from the script to reflect the historical record included Michael Gambon improvising the ramblings of George V as he signed away authority , and the decision to dress the Duke in an overcoat rather than regal finery in the opening scene ..
The Autobots defend the docked Ark from Decepticon forces.
In the middle of ongoing conflict with the Abu Sayyaf , accusations of alleged corruption , and a stalled impeachment process , Estrada 's administration was overthrown by the 2001 EDSA Revolution and succeeded by his Vice President , Gloria Macapagal @-@ Arroyo on January 20 , 2001 ..
The marsh shrew and the American water shrew ( Sorex <unk> ) share many physical characteristics.
John Coppinger stated that the magical creatures that needed to be created had to be designed multiple times.
Wheatley made it clear to his brothers and sisters that when chaos came to their lives , they should to turn to him because he would be there and he would never fall.
According to testimony by the ship 's master , Göran Mattson , Fleming remarked that he wished the king were at home.
In 1610 , Calvert was appointed a " clerk of the Privy Council ".
The next morning he observed a young woman making cow dung patties.
In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace , whom he captained to promotion from the Fourth Division , and finished his on @-@ field career in the Southern League as player @-@ manager of Tunbridge Wells Rangers.
Vonnegut was trained to fire and maintain howitzers , a type of artillery , and later received instruction in mechanical engineering at the Carnegie Institute of Technology and the University of Tennessee as part of the Army Specialized Training Program ( ASTP ).
( an operator of airport and cruise ship duty @-@ free shops ) , and Greyhound Exhibits.
Audrey spies on another coworker being showered with gifts and offered a job in " hospitality " by the store 's manager , and later finds both Laura 's and Pulaski 's names in the manager 's private ledger.
Upon leaving asylum , Smart took the manuscripts of A Song to David , many translations of Psalms , and Jubilate Agno.
The AN / TPS @-@ 43 was retired in September 2005 , and replaced by the AN / TPS @-@ 77 radar.
This entire era was dominated by foreign wars , which eliminated the need to address the flaws in the current political system , since the patriotism of the Plebeians suppressed their desire for further reforms.
Engineers with the battalion demolished a bridge north of the town before moving south.
Between the Holyoke Range and the Pocumtuck Ridge , a stretch of 9 miles ( 14 km ) , the Metacomet Ridge exists only as a series of mostly nondescript rises set among flat plains of sedimentary bedrock.
Bohr arrived in Scotland on 6 October in a de Havilland Mosquito operated by the British Overseas Airways Corporation ( BOAC ).
Lewisohn also reports that , in the case of " Back in the U.S.S.R. " , the three remaining Beatles each made contributions on bass and drums , with the result that those parts may be composite tracks played by Lennon , McCartney or Harrison ..
Lesbians portrayed in literature , film , and television often shape contemporary thought about women 's sexuality.
Some early <unk> were retrofitted with the new configuration.
In the following years , Simeon 's forces were engaged in the northwestern Byzantine provinces , around <unk> ( Durrës ) and Thessaloniki , but did not make a move against Constantinople ..
On the subject of the couple 's first meeting , Rice recalled , " My father wrote her a formal letter inviting her to lunch which I hand @-@ delivered to her house ... I was so nervous.
In 28 pregnant females from Nicaragua , litter size varied from one to eight , averaging 4 @.@ 4.
The Tigers surprised many with a Final Four run , and in that game Rolle led the team in rebounds with eight , recorded two points from 1 @-@ of @-@ 1 shooting , and blocked a shot , all in 14 minutes of playing time.
He believed these characteristics were adopted in response to the then @-@ burgeoning nu metal scene.
Percy Lavon Julian was born in Montgomery , Alabama , as the first child of six born to James Sumner Julian and Elizabeth Lena Julian , née Adams.
Reviewer Alan Sepinwall enjoyed the pairing of Bonnie and her father , played by Chris Ellis ..
It delivered ABC 's best audience retention following Desperate Housewives , was the highest rated show amongst 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds in 13 years since The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles , and produced ABC 's strongest series performance in the hour in more than four years.
Through the southern suburbs of Perth , the Kwinana Freeway travels south as the boundary between various suburbs.
Their daughter , Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent , would eventually ( in 1837 ) become Queen of the United Kingdom.
Sally gives Butters a 40 percent cut for his advertising and managing services , and Butters soon turns the venture into a full @-@ fledged " kissing company " by recruiting more girls to fill in during times in which Sally is busy.
Entwistle contributed " Boris the Spider " and " Whiskey Man " and found a niche role as second songwriter.
First described by the botanist Robert Brown in the early 19th century , no separate varieties of Banksia menziesii are recognised.
In the 2008 – 09 season , the Steels again qualified for the play @-@ offs and defeated Belper Town in the final to gain promotion to the Northern Premier League Premier Division for the first time.
" By then , more than 2 @.@ 5 billion Kennedy half dollars had been struck , more than all previously struck half dollars combined.
While growing up , she spent a lot of time on her grandmother 's horse farm , and developed a keen interest in equestrian sports.
The pigmentation of narwhals is a mottled pattern , with blackish @-@ brown markings over a white background.
The Mbugwe consider killing hyenas to be dangerous , as the bond between the hyena and its owner is very strong , and will likely result in the witch seeking retribution.
The road continues towards <unk> , where it comes to a cloverleaf interchange with MD 41 ( Perring Parkway ) within commercial areas.
Studies suggest that most pollutants of Johnson Creek do not come from point sources but are washed off urban and rural land surfaces during storms ..
She investigates further before encountering a student who refuses to tell her anything.
Stephenson has a reputation for irritating people however.
Kot compared Raphael Wiggins to Stevie Wonder as a singer , while USA Today 's James T. Jones believed the record 's groovy , catchy songs were comparable to Sly Stone.
His mother struggled to condemn him but ultimately approved his dismissal from Cullin @-@ la @-@ ringo , thus fulfilling the premonition in Horatio 's will ..
Subsequently , in 1949 , the American biochemists Morris Friedkin and Albert L. Lehninger proved that NADH linked metabolic pathways such as the citric acid cycle with the synthesis of ATP in oxidative phosphorylation.
Enemies on the hard setting are only slightly more difficult ; however , there are no passwords or unlimited continues as in the easy mode ..
After Agnes became groggy and fell asleep , Lim sexually abused her.
" Another profile calls him " a product of the atomic age " and describes how his classmates dreamed of unlocking the energy of the atom , while Hubbard himself sought to " discover the basic equations of life force , simply , to him , another kind of energy.
The team contained many strong bowlers , and St Hill opened the bowling ..
Dr. Nada <unk> became the country 's first female cabinet minister on her appointment as Minister of Health in 2004.
He appreciated the Berlioz composition as a " central movement " for its more " pleasant " mood and lighter musical textures , and Tchaikovsky 's work as the finale for its dramatic and " tumultuous " qualities.
The rectory , which had been located in East Street since the fifteenth century , was sold in 1858 and a new one purchased , in Anglesea Place.
Returning to private life , Jeffrey settled in Queensland and became partner in a stock broking firm at Surfers Paradise.
On the next day , increased wind shear caused marked weakening , quickly destroying the eye and lowering the winds below tropical cyclone force.
In the 1980 season Piquet scored three wins and the team took 3rd in the Constructors ' Championship with Piquet second in the Drivers ' Championship.
Some may masturbate as a solitary form of release , while others do not feel a need to do so ..
Although the origin of Cook 's specimens are unclear , the word and its variants je @-@ quoll , <unk> or <unk> are derived from the language of the <unk> <unk> people of far north Queensland.
Other critics further found influences of African and Latin music in its instrumentation and rhythms.
Music critic ( Barbara <unk> @-@ Young ) describes The Silver Boulders ' music as " nostalgic ".
Sanford Harris ( Michael Gaston ) instead orders Olivia to join other agents in raiding a warehouse which they believe Jones and his men used.
Chrono Trigger was also ported to mobile phones , Virtual Console , the PlayStation Network , iOS devices , and Android devices ..
The ' zombies ' from levels 1 and 2 , now looking perfectly fine , are shown lining the banks of a river , singing along to the tracks final verse.
Upon its completion on 1 December 1917 , the ship was assigned to the Second Squadron until 23 July 1918 when she rejoined the First Squadron.
He was able to receive provisions from both.
Easton Mayor George S. Smith flipped the switch , and the candle was once again dedicated to the local men and women of the armed forces.
The petiole is notably broad and short , having a high node that has a rounded point on the upper side.
The entire book is written in a largely idiosyncratic language , consisting of a mixture of standard English lexical items and <unk> multilingual puns and portmanteau words , which many critics believe were attempts to recreate the experience of sleep and dreams.
In an interview , Miyu Irino said about Sena : " he can be pathetic and weak " but " in case of emergency " Sena can be " incredibly cool ".
Following training , the battalion was deployed to New Guinea , arriving in Milne Bay in early August 1943.
Saginaw historian Thomas B. Mudd said " For awhile [ sic ] , I took Wellington R. Burt as a selfish rich guy , but the picture that emerges is of someone who also threw himself into the community " ..
One of the true treasures of the genre , she epitomizes the essence of excellence in every word she writes " ..
Similar to " Mama , I 'm a Big Girl Now " , a version of " Cooties " , performed in a contemporary pop rendition by Aimee Allen , is present during the end credits ..
The non @-@ profit organization now oversees the Blanton Collier Award.
Fliegerkorps under the command of General der Flieger Wolfram von Richthofen was equipped with units Stab , II. and III.
Kanhopatra was a daughter of a rich prostitute and courtesan named Shama or Shyama , who lived in the town of <unk> , near Pandharpur , the site of Vithoba 's chief temple.
These ants range from small to medium ; members of the I. conifer species group measure 4 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 16 in ) , being reddish @-@ brown in colour with a distinctive propodeum , while members of the I. purpureus species group are the largest at 8 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 31 in ).
Harper cheered , and noted that the song " was sung very much like a real glee club , without people getting to showboat individually ".
Catesby soon added Ambrose Rookwood , a staunch Catholic who was both young and wealthy , but who most importantly owned a stable of fine horses at Coldham.
The first scene is of Carey wearing a tight pink number , laying seductively on the bed , as the computer employee plays with an electric guitar.
The broaching machine elevator , which is the part of the machine that moves the broach above the <unk> , then lowers the broach through the workpiece.
In 1923 he published another non @-@ fiction book , Whitby Lore and Legend , having retired to Whitby via South Africa.
Viruses cannot reproduce without a host and are unaffected by many genetic processes , so tend not to be considered living organisms ..
In addition , there should not be a less restrictive alternative available to achieve that compelling interest.
Extending over a decade past the show 's initial release , the phrase " gotta go fast " has been used in the titles of video game periodical articles to represent the Sonic series and other fast @-@ paced video games ..
Travelling north from Crook the carriages and waggons were drawn up the Sunniside Incline , a locomotive hauled the mixed train to <unk> Park Junction , then they were let down Nanny Mayor 's Incline and a locomotive took them forward.
Ernst 's rule , and that of his four Wittelsbach successors , strengthened the position of his family in Imperial politics.
The disturbance gradually organized as it drifted north @-@ northeastward , and on November 28 it developed into Tropical Depression Five @-@ C about 465 km ( 290 mi ) west @-@ northwest of Palmyra Atoll.
His subsequent meeting with Beyoncé became a media event.
The early release marked the first time that a major film was released in Evansville before its national opening without any local ties.
Rancic 's contract was renewed after his first year , but in September 2005 it appeared that his employment with Trump would finish at the end of his second year in April 2006.
He was laird from September 1820 , but died in December that year.
Heading generally east with two lanes in each direction , the expressway passes by the Kennecott Smokestack , the tallest structure in Utah.
The Sejm passed high taxation for the defense , but collections lagged behind.
On April 30 , 2012 , he became the first player to hit 3 home runs in one game at Petco Park.
The injury left him unable to play in Tech 's next game , a contest against the Pittsburgh Panthers.
In Egypt , as the AIF was expanded in early 1916 , each brigade established a training battalion.
Despite his victory over elements of Marshal André Masséna 's Army of Portugal at the Battle of Bussaco in September 1810 , Viscount Wellington was forced by Masséna 's subsequent maneuvering to withdraw his numerically inferior force behind the extensive series of fortifications he had prepared around Torres Vedras to protect the approaches to Lisbon.
Commissioned into the 6th U @-@ boat Flotilla , based at Kiel , U @-@ 43 left for her first combat patrol of the war on 6 November 1939 , sailing around the British Isles and into the Atlantic.
Route 70 enters Manchester Township again past this traffic circle and becomes a two @-@ lane undivided road , passing near the wooded residential Leisure Knoll community before crossing CR 571.
This was unwelcome for an airplane that needed to operate efficiently and effectively from an aircraft carrier.
Occupation of the city continued , however , as fine mosaics such as that of a chariot race conducted by animals in the House of Venus can not have been created earlier than the fourth century.
At about 10 pm , the British rowers were forced to abandon the rescue of Diana due to the heavy fire.
The game was played on October 4 , 1948 , at Fenway Park in Boston , Massachusetts.
In 2010 , the International Resource Panel , hosted by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , published the first global scientific assessment on the impacts of consumption and production and identified priority actions for developed and developing countries.
On January 10 , 9 CE he announced that Han had run its course and accepted the requests that he proclaim himself emperor of the Xin dynasty ( 9 – 23 CE ) ..
" The Times reported that a computer operated by the Church of Scientology was used to manipulate information in the Wikipedia article about the Cult Awareness Network , " A computer linked to the Church of Scientology 's network was used to delete references to links between it and a group dubbed the ' Cult Awareness Network.
She received the ARIA Award for the year 's highest @-@ selling single.
In the United Kingdom , Final Fantasy XIII @-@ 2 was the best @-@ selling game of February 2012.
The diagnosis may be confirmed by viral culture or detecting herpes DNA in fluid from blisters.
The origins of " Little Wing " have been traced back to the 1966 recording of " ( My Girl ) She 's a Fox " , an R & B song which features Hendrix playing Curtis Mayfield @-@ influenced guitar accompaniment.
One alternative , if it was available , was to arrange in advance to sleep at the homes of black friends in towns or cities along their route.
When he was starting out as a writer on the show , Richdale was told to come up with some story ideas and he came up with the basic plot off the top of his head.
Nevertheless , the ships turned tightly and were very maneuverable.
The track is also featured in the first trailer for Forza Motorsport 3 , on the Xbox 360 as well as in the game itself during races , and CSI : NY episode " Green Piece ".
The score of Momente , published just before the composer 's death in 2007 , won this prize for the ninth time ( Deutscher <unk> 2009 ) ..
In 1883 she attended a conference in Leeds , jointly organised by the National Liberal Federation and the National Reform Union , where she supported a motion proposed by Henry William Crosskey and seconded by Walter McLaren ( John Bright 's nephew ) , to extend the vote in parliamentary elections to certain women — those who , " possessing the qualifications that entitle men to vote , have now the right of voting in all matters of local government " ..
In the Japanese pantheon , Kangiten is considered as the brother of Ida @-@ ten , <unk> with Skanda ..
The US Navy eventually left in 2006 and the base was permanently closed.
A study of 300 plants on Barro Colorado Island found that the heterozygosity at 5 microsatellite loci varied between 0 @.@ 12 and 0 @.@ 75.
Cope 's estate was valued at $ 75 @,@ 327 , not including additional revenue raised by sales of fossils to the American Museum of Natural History , for a total of $ 84 @,@ 600.
Northumberland received her own refit and rearmament from 1875 – 79 and rejoined the Channel Fleet upon its completion.
Poveiros have migrated to other places and this attenuated the population growth.
The road was named for the fort near Port Huron , which was in turn named for Colonel Charles Gratiot , the supervising engineer in charge of construction of the structure in the aftermath of the War of 1812 ..
The sequence was originally planned for the fifth season episode " Road to Rupert " , with Stewie and Brian taking the place of Peter ..
Wettstein adds that he was not aware of its current location.
The raiders ransacked his property and the <unk> felt threatened until the Black and Tans happened across a framed photo of Crean in Royal Navy dress uniform and medals.
While visiting the academy , Lisa sees that the school is far more challenging than hers and she decides that she wants to attend as well.
The band were scheduled to tour Japan during January and February 1980 , but the concerts , together with their tour dates elsewhere in the world , were cancelled after McCartney was arrested for possession of drugs when entering the country.
The shark 's next attack sends most of the teenagers into the water , and they swim to Cable Junction while Sean and Jackie are trapped on the boats.
" No successful man ever got anywhere without gambling.
After his censure , McCarthy continued senatorial duties for another two and a half years , but his career as a major public figure had been unmistakably ruined.
An embassy reached Calvin while he was at a colloquy , a conference to settle religious disputes , in Worms.
In mid @-@ April she escorted the fast transport Breconshire and three battleships from Alexandria to Malta before going on to escort the battleships as they bombarded Tripoli on 20 April.
In the 1650s , he faced a resurgence of Ming loyalist resistance , but by 1661 his armies had defeated the Qing Empire 's last enemies , seafarer Koxinga ( 1624 – 1662 ) and the Prince of Gui ( 1623 – 1662 ) of the Southern Ming dynasty , both of whom would succumb the following year.
It also includes a non @-@ Final Fantasy track , " Blue Blast — Winning the Rainbow " , an original piece that was created for Japanese K @-@ 1 fighter Takehiro Murahama.
Fourteen Mark II * * * torpedoes were carried which had a warhead of 515 pounds ( 234 kg ) of TNT.
Reznor asked Sean Beavan to mix the demos of Pretty Hate Machine , which had received multiple offers for record deals.
The departure of large numbers of construction workers meant that 47 percent of those remaining were family members of workers.
Despite this loss , Aksum still held territory in South Arabia , as evidenced by inscriptions of <unk> <unk> ( r. c.
Cottonwood Inc. filed a lawsuit challenging the EIS.
Later , destroyer Meade approached and opened fire on the beached transports and surrounding area.
Overall , there were 50 injuries in the state , as well as at least three deaths.
It did not take part in any of the major military action against the imperial army.
After partaking in the initial canal @-@ crossing , the brigade , along with the rest of the division , faced an attack by Raviv 's brigade on October 9.
The castle was manned during this period by a castle @-@ guard system , in which lands were given out to local lords in return for their providing knights and soldiers to serve at the castle ..
In the wake of the storm , a body was recovered from debris along a road in Saint Catherine.
His government was marked by a time of economic prosperity and the enactment of several necessary reforms — though they proved to be seriously flawed.
He handed over command of the base in April 1956 , and resigned from the Air Force on 14 May.
He submitted it to several journals and magazines , including Scientific American and Science , only to have it rejected by the reviewers.
Awakening hours later , the character finds almost all his equipment inoperable.
Fei and his friends decide to ally themselves with the floating city of Shevat , the only remaining city capable of resisting Solaris.
Starting in 2013 , lower federal courts began to consider various challenges to voter ID laws brought under Section 2 ..
The series was later released by Geneon to eight DVD compilation volumes from January to August 2006.
Chopra underwent extensive physical training for three months to attain a muscular physique.
After entering the Caribbean Sea , the hurricane maintained a northwest trajectory.
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 10 August 1914.
Deng Xiaoping and Liu Shaoqi led Party efforts to revive the Chinese economy , and cultivated Peng 's friendship as part of a wider effort to gain widespread support for their activities.
The premiere was held at the Criterion Theater , in New York City , on August 12 , 1927 , and was screened for 63 weeks before being moved to second @-@ run theaters.
For a " coldblood " breed , the Finnhorse is quite fast.
Marco contributed to an ongoing flood in Jamaica and caused three additional fatalities in the Dominican Republic.
Heading into the conference championship game , he had rushed for 415 yards and three touchdowns ..
He also felt that building scenes from great music often created the " most memorable scenes " in the best films.
With Britain in the midst of World War I , many socialists refused to fight for the British Army despite the government imposed conscription.
This view was echoed by PADESM leaders and shared by the majority of French settlers.
Barrowman was also considered for the role of Will in Will and Grace , but the producers reportedly felt he was " too straight " and the role eventually went to Eric McCormack instead.
Gutiérrez was born in Manzanillo , Cuba , and at age six he played piano and at 14 he directed his own orchestra.
After a brief reunion with the <unk> , the Rossis were offered a ride to Chicago by Bethe.
It has been described by its artist Paul Vella <unk> as an " Egyptian symbol ".
The puzzle of why many cerebral processes occur with an accompanying experiential aspect in consciousness seems impossible to explain ..
Kyokusei Maru had sunk carrying 1 @,@ 200 army troops , and two other transports , <unk> Maru and Nojima , were damaged.
We had a good match with Solti and he with us.
The project was completed for $ 4 million ( $ <unk> @.@ 73 in today 's money ) and hoped to attract retailers catering to Hispanic clients.
The road heads into more forested areas before it comes to an intersection with County Route 612 in the residential and business community of Iona.
During the latter half of the 20th century , the population of the village rose to 905 people.
The weakest winter was 1983 , when The Entity 's $ 13 million take led the way to a total of $ 93 @.@ 4 million in domestic grosses for all movies released during that season.
While Stade complemented Lessing on the book 's satire , and her depictions of Zone 6 , which he said " have the eerie beauty of ancient Gnostic texts " , he " disapprove [ d ] " of the novel as a whole , but added , " that doesn 't mean I didn 't enjoy reading it " ..
Length requirements for the machinery had also been altered , once in early March and again on 20 April 1940 ; a total length of 79 @.@ 5 meters was now called for ..
Additionally , for large data sets , the near @-@ random memory access patterns of many integer sorting algorithms can handicap them compared to comparison sorting algorithms that have been designed with the memory hierarchy in mind ..
Couriers were sent to other towns in Texas to warn that the Mexican army was advancing ..
The airframe had flown 22 @,@ 068 flying hours , and had undergone an inspection 105 hours before the accident.
Another such portal suggests the film to the entire family.
Acquacotta is a simple traditional dish originating in the coastal region of Italy known as Maremma , which spans the southern half of Tuscany 's coast and runs into northern Lazio.
In 2009 , it was reorganized into the School of Music.
Between the volcanic layers are several beds of sedimentary rocks representing deposition in a lake.
They were to commence the breakout under cover of darkness at 11 : 00 pm that night and then muster in Anhui.
At Murphy 's suggestion she teamed with INXS as a backing singer on their 1985 Australian tour — originally just for a few weeks — and stayed on for eighteen months on their 1985 – 1986 Listen Like Thieves World Tour.
On Christmas Day 1940 , Fuchs and Kahle were among the first group of internees to board a ship to return to Britain ..
Hank Mitchell and his wife Sarah live in rural Minnesota.
Sullivan 's non @-@ Savoy works were infrequently recorded until the 1960s.
<unk> and <unk> were included in the linear line as part of the phase extension ..
Sir Arthur Pendragon 's main objective is to escape the tomb , the Great Sphinx , before all oxygen runs out.
With the exception of humans , who inhabit every continent except for Antarctica , most primates live in tropical or subtropical regions of the Americas , Africa and Asia.
Lavigne made a conscious effort to keep her music , and not her image , at the forefront of her career.
The panels were engraved with the names of the World War I casualties and , in addition , those from Southampton who had died in later conflicts.
The highway was first proposed in the late 1950s and opened in December 1962 , but the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) has since eliminated all signage for I @-@ 296 and removed the designation from their official state map.
The guy was like putty in my hands.
Encouraged , Mau learned basic navigational clues regarding the " stars , swells , and birds " from Raangipi , but his grandfather died sometime before Mau was fourteen ..
In the 1970 excavations to the south of Shumen fortress , archaeologist Karel Škorpil unearthed the remnants of a church of 7 @.@ 3 by 4 @.@ 5 metres ( 24 ft × 15 ft ) size.
Archaeologists were unable to investigate the summit of Structure 2 due to the large size of the trees growing upon it.
Cunningham 's " frustration " with the delayed development of the Freddy vs. Jason project forced him to create another sequel in an effort to keep the franchise in the minds of audiences.
Holmboe also taught mathematics at a military college , from 1826 until his death , and was promoted to professor at the Royal Frederick University in 1834.
Lashley ended up winning the tournament by defeating Benjamin in less than 5 minutes and therefore becoming the number one contender to the WWE Championship ..
The success of two home batsmen led to celebrations in Jamaica and praise from the English bowlers for Headley 's batting.
To mark the passing of the seasons and special occasions , the Han Chinese used two variations of the lunisolar calendar , which were established due to efforts in astronomy and mathematics.
Following the crash of the arcade industry , Nakayama decided to focus development efforts on the home console market.
An eighteen @-@ issue monthly series , published between June 2003 and November 2004 , follows U.S. Army communications specialist Patricia Robertson.
On December 14 , 2005 , the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of one million copies of the album.
People can be taken as hostages or as human shields , preventing enemies from firing on the protagonist.
With the eventual commercial dominance of West Coast gangsta rap , particularly the emergence of the relaxed sounds of G @-@ funk by the early nineties , the East Coast new school / golden age can be said to have ended , with hardcore rappers such as the Wu @-@ Tang Clan and gangsta rappers such as Nas and The Notorious B.I.G. coming to dominate the East Coast scene ..
" Pursuant to the latter clause , the 1820 piracy statute provided that offenders of that statute could be tried in the " Circuit Court of the United States for the district into which he shall be brought , or in which he shall be found.
Like in the previous incident with the Chinese sailors and villagers along the shore , the Koreans were almost killed when they were first encountered by Chinese soldiers.
The two Spocks are psychically linked , and the original determines that the copy is acting as an agent for the Klingons.
Marge then reaffirms her love for Homer as they sing " You Are So Beautiful " together into the night ..
Leicester on 29 May released Kisnorbo at the end of his contract , along with Paul Henderson , Marc <unk> , Bruno N 'Gotty and Barry Hayles.
MNM lost to The Hardys at the Royal Rumble , and again at the No Way Out pay @-@ per @-@ view in February , which concluded the feud ..
In a match against Coburg , he was assigned to nullify the greatest forward of the era , Bob Pratt.
The 2016 Defence White Paper and its supporting documentation stated that the CH @-@ 47Fs will receive modifications to better enable them to perform aeromedical evacuation tasks by the 2025 – 26 financial year , and that it is intended to regularly upgrade the helicopters so that they can continue to be supported through the US military 's logistics system ..
He finished in the points on four other occasions , but did not win again.
No part of the footage shows the boy dead.
Orme was one of Ormonde 's first crop of foals.
We shouted ‘ Merry Christmas ’ , even though nobody felt merry.
In April 2009 , a six @-@ year @-@ old Norwegian boy named Christer pressed his parents to send a letter to King Harald V of Norway to approve his name being changed to " Sonic X ".
The ribosome binds mRNA and carries out protein synthesis.
A school system , for example , receives a grant from the state to support a new special education initiative , another grant from the federal government for a school lunch program , and an annuity to award teachers working on research projects.
Chamberlayne was replaced by Captain Joseph Spear in March 1811 , and for the most part the blockade was uneventful.
After soliciting the assistance of outside contractors from North Dakota , the aircraft was airborne in May 2001.
Uniquely for a Bond novel , Moonraker is set entirely in Britain , which raised comments from some readers , complaining about the lack of exotic locations ..
By 1870 , the church was primarily used by the Brethren denomination , and in 1878 , the church 's congregation split into White Pine Church of the Brethren and Old Pine Church congregations.
Based on chromospheric activity the star is likely to be around 6 @.@ 5 to 9 @.@ 9 billion years old , depending on the theoretical model used.
John Farrier from <unk> wrote , " It ’ s hard for Bronies to get respect from some quarters , but [ the closing Star Wars parody ] scene alone says much in favor of the show.
These " classical " concepts fail to adequately account for change , and overlook the active and experiential nature of the most basic elements of the world.
This length was used in conjunction with a regression equation relating skull length to total length in the American alligator to estimate a total length of 10 @.@ 6 metres ( 35 ft ) for this particularly specimen.
Rothbard also applies his theory to justify beating and torturing violent criminals , although the beatings are required to be proportional to the crimes for which they are being punished ..
Eisenberg and Stupnitsky later noted that , because the episode was the first to be filmed following the strike , there was " a great , loose vibe on set " , and as such , many of the actors would break character and laugh at the jokes.
The intersection with Hill Street marks the beginning of the connections to the exit 3 interchange along a bend in the I @-@ 675 freeway.
The remnants of Tropical Storm Henriette continued to track across west Texas and southeastern New Mexico as it was being absorbed by a cold front moving through New Mexico.
Fahey 's Lapidus has exceptional screen presence that even overshadows the regular cast members to an extent.
However , the popularity of the show had put it into syndication , which CBS revoked in fall of 1991.
On the east side of the interchange , Illinois 22 enters Bannockburn as it passes near Trinity International University as well as some upper class real estate areas.
<unk> winter resort is located approximately 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from the city of Cluj @-@ Napoca , and includes two ski trails , for beginner and advanced skiers , respectively : <unk> Mic and <unk> Mare.
It was filmed entirely in the Mojave Desert , just outside Palm Springs , CA.
The website 's consensus reads , " The Incredible Hulk may not be quite the smashing success that fans of Marvel 's raging behemoth might hope for , but it offers more than enough big green action to make up for its occasionally puny narrative.
The 11th Battalion grounded to the north of Ari Burnu point , while the 9th Battalion hit the point or just south of it , together with most of the 10th Battalion.
Further development application filings , and reports by the Roller Coaster <unk> and the Gold Coast Bulletin , confirmed this speculation.
N. tazetta occurs as far east as Iran and Kashmir.
His two remaining scenes were rewritten to compensate for his absence , and the film was released in November 2015.
Each vehicle offers a unique armament arrangement , as well as varying degrees of speed and maneuverability.
Spawning is preceded by significant upstream migrations if high spring flows or floods allow.
Hershkovitz and Ray 's classification was never widely followed , and from 1976 on authors started to reinstate some of the other groups lumped in Oryzomys as separate genera.
He subsequently missed the next three games , but quickly re @-@ discovered his goalscoring form in early September 2008 , following up a hat @-@ trick against champions Burton Albion with a brace against Altrincham.
Meanwhile , the 3rd Brigade , 104th Division , as well as the 4th Brigade , 104th Division both activated at Fort Lawton , Washington.
Populations were established , began to spread , and were monitored by use of synthetic mole cricket song.
Berry was born Maria Halle Berry ; her name was legally changed to Halle Maria Berry at age five.
Rutkow , a professor of surgery at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey , has argued that starvation also played a role.
In 1309 <unk> of Villanova wrote that " [ i ] t prolongs good health , dissipates superfluous humours , reanimates the heart and maintains youth.
The sinking of the sun suggests that the era when God revealed himself directly to man has passed.
They were assigned under the contract names of " Cruiser G " and " Cruiser H. " Blohm & Voss received both contracts in 1908 ; " Cruiser G " was assigned to the 1908 – 1909 building year , while " Cruiser H " was assigned to 1909 – 1910.
Not surprisingly , Lithuania was , at first , assigned to Germany.
After 110 mi ( 177 km ) of Paris – Roubaix , Simpson 's bike was <unk> and he retired from the race ..
The Red Chamber is up to 106 metres ( 348 ft ) high , and 30 metres ( 98 ft ) to 50 metres ( 160 ft ) wide.
A week before the start of the league season , Arsenal sacked manager Rioch and cited the decision was in the " best long @-@ term interest of the club ".
Shadows Are Security was released in June of the same year and debuted at No. 1 on the Independent Albums chart.
The original director , Taro Yoko , originally proposed a space adventure involving dragons , but this was vetoed at an early stage.
The school is the launch point for the annual Pleasanton Hometown Holidays Celebration Parade and the annual Fall Festival Parade , a part of the Alameda County Fair since the 1940s.
Praise focused on the game 's visuals and writing , which lampooned the gaming industry and the show itself.
Braham noted the continuous operations were tiring Gregory and he arranged for him to be rested as squadron operational planning officer.
At least three species of owl , the great horned owl , barred owl and eastern screech owl , make their home in the forests of the park , as do red tailed and red shouldered hawks.
Shin Megami Tensei II , due to events prior to the story , focuses on the " Law " alignment.
It received an aggregate score of 72 % from GameRankings based on 16 reviews , and an average score of 73 out of 100 on Metacritic , based on 17 reviews.
He had instigated the morning breakaway with four others , and they stayed away by a margin of three seconds over the fast @-@ charging peloton.
Litters of three to thirteen pups are born after a gestation period of nine or twelve months.
Hurricane Gonzalo originated in a tropical wave that emerged from the western coast of Africa on October 4 and trekked across the Atlantic.
IGN noted that the Game Boy Advance version " gave both good and bad impressions about Kemco 's abilities to port SNES to the handheld " and that the multi @-@ player mode will get it its " dues ".
On February 19 , 2014 , during the 2014 Winter Olympics , he suffered a torn medial collateral ligament ( MCL ) and a torn meniscus in his knee during the quarterfinal game against Latvia , forcing him to miss the remainder of the Olympics as well as the remainder of the Islanders ' season.
On February 16 , Harris posted a new career high 46 points along with 9 rebounds , 6 assists and 4 steals against the Rio Grande Valley Vipers.
The newspaper assumed a confrontational position regarding Bosniaks while maintaining that the Bosniak leadership was not entirely anti @-@ Croat.
He announced this with a notice in the Aberdeen Press and Journal of 12 September 1952 : " Dr E. Forbes @-@ Sempill henceforth wishes to be known as Dr Ewan Forbes @-@ Sempill ".
It also helped many companies such as Heinz , IBM and Hoover expand into Europe ..
Charles used gospel elements in a twelve @-@ bar blues structure.
As the art critic Harriet Stone observes , it is uncertain whether he is " coming or going ".
Other than the duration of the experience , the effects of psilocybin are similar to comparable dosages of LSD or mescaline.
A 'a flows are so thick that the outside layers cools into a rubble @-@ like mass , insulating the still @-@ hot interior and preventing it from cooling.
In North Africa , the Germans launched an offensive in January , pushing the British back to positions at the Gazala Line by early February , followed by a temporary lull in combat which Germany used to prepare for their upcoming offensives.
3 ) are now part of private buildings ..
On June 14 , 2014 at House of Hardcore 6 , Hardy defeated Tommy Dreamer and Carlito in a three @-@ way TLC match.
World War I and post World War I Great Migration settlers moved in and created the low @-@ rent " Black Belt ".
Parts of the ED community harshly criticized the changes.
Thus , in addition to the battle 's immediate importance to Nobunaga 's plans , it was also an important step in Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's rise to power ..
In 1638 , Galileo Galilei proposed an experiment , with an apparent claim to having performed it some years earlier , to measure the speed of light by observing the delay between uncovering a lantern and its perception some distance away.
Most of the songs displayed energetic dance routines with the exception of the second segment , which featured mostly ballads.
When the students crouched or fell , the blasts of water rolled them down the asphalt streets and concrete sidewalks.
The 2007 incarnation , like previous events , gained mainly positive reviews.
" Luke <unk> of Empire Magazine Australasia gave Not Quite Hollywood five out of five stars , calling the film " fast , thrilling and often ribald " , while Leigh Paatsch wrote for the Herald Sun that " there is not a single instant where boredom can possibly intrude " , dubbing the film " an incredibly energetic and merrily messed @-@ up celebration of Australian B @-@ movies " ..
The circulation dissipated within the cold front early the next day ..
Several of BAFTA Scotland 's jury members believed that the criteria and procedures for a Scottish film were unclear and could have been more formalised ..
A coalition of his barons , initially probably backed by Eleanor , seized power in a coup d 'état and expelled the Poitevins from England , reforming the royal government through a process called the Provisions of Oxford.
Eichler says , " Social science fails to understand men " by tending " to downplay or ignore a potential conflict between work and home for men.
While producing the tracks , Lucas radically changed their structure from the original demo versions.
Early on September 12 , it curved northward , while weakening to a tropical depression.
Each Senate district also elects three Delegates , and incumbent Senators and Delegates will often run jointly as members of incumbent slates in their districts.
Other injury hazards wildland fire fighters face include slips , trips and falls , burns , scrapes and cuts from tools and equipment , being struck by trees , vehicles , or other objects , plant hazards such as thorns and poison ivy , snake and animal bites , vehicle crashes , electrocution from power lines or lightning storms , and unstable building structures ..
It was last used for this purpose just before the First World War , in connection with land reclamation near Medge Hall , Crowle.
The lower tier of the old stand was terracing and this was closed off by the turn of the 1980s due to it being a fire hazard as the terracing steps were wooden.
As a teenager John proves his worth and is gradually granted positions of authority , first as Master of the Falcons , then as Lord Warden of the East Marches and Constable of England.
As it was Armstrong 's first event back after four years of retirement , he made lots of headlines and was even specially promoted on the event 's webpage , though neither he nor the team were especially competitive in the event.
The next day , he bowled Hutton for 74 and then bounced Compton , causing him to fall onto his stumps for 184.
MD 10 and MD 100 briefly run concurrently northwest as an eight @-@ lane freeway and diverge at another partial interchange ; in both carriageways , traffic must move over two lanes to remain on the same route.
The chicks do not grow their down feathers until later.
A Wisconsin study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in September 2010 , reported that findings showed that the 2009 H1N1 flu was no more severe than the seasonal flu.
While Timbaland was initially producing for R & B artists , his trademark sound was very much rooted in hip @-@ hop with its fast @-@ paced nature and clear drum breaks.
Morpholinos are used as research tools for reverse genetics by knocking down gene function.
Administrator Webb realized that in order to keep Apollo costs under control , he had to develop greater project management skills in his organization , so he recruited Dr. George E. Mueller for a high management job.
Folgore was seriously damaged in a collision in 1889 , and was thereafter reduced to reserve status , as the damage could not be completely repaired.
Wilde , lapsing into inaction , could only say , " The train has gone.
The transition from Halo to Halo 2 was a mixed bag for Zyos , since he called it an " easier game " , but tournaments started being more focused on two @-@ on @-@ two.
But it was negotiations with the Federal Government that were to prove the hardest.
Before it was ever transmitted in Bede 's Historia , however , the Libellus circulated as part of several different early medieval canon law collections , often in the company of texts of a penitential nature ..
Disney will direct 100 % of the proceeds from " Send it On " to environmental charities through the Disney Worldwide Conservation Fund ( <unk> ).
He used a wooden hulled launch for the first round of tests before moving to a steel @-@ hulled submarine for later tests.
In April he bounced back and forth between Texas and Frisco ..
Owing to its similarly colored cap and habitat amongst mosses , Phaeocollybia attenuata might be confused with M. corneipes.
Kenji attempts to break into the probe 's GPS , while Wabisuke disables Love Machine 's defenses.
White , along with Stephenson 's company , departed on June 20 , 1775 , from Morgan 's Spring near Shepherdstown and marched to Boston to reinforce commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the Continental Army George Washington 's forces who had besieged the British Army forces there ..
On the September 5 episode of Raw , Wilson defeated Massaro after the interference from Victoria and Candice.
Feeling the need to do something different , Planché turned to a translation of the féerie folie ( French : fairy tale ) Riquet à la Houppe , which he had written some years earlier.
His exploits achieved great renown in Brazil , where he was referred to as the " <unk> of the Platine Tiger [ Rosas ] ".
For the creation of the molecular @-@ beam magnetic @-@ resonance detection method , Rabi was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1944 ..
The 1990s also saw Spokane 's most prolific serial killer , Robert Lee Yates , who killed thirteen prostitutes in Spokane 's East Sprague red light district and confessed to two others in Tacoma , Washington.
As of December 2015 , no timetable had been established to restart the rigs.
In addition to strong winds and rain , tropical cyclones are capable of generating high waves , damaging storm surge , and tornadoes.
In 2013 , while living in Stockholm , he published some of his plays , as well as a dystopian novella called The People 's Republic of Nowhere ..
Doc Holliday himself had a duel in a saloon in Las Vegas , New Mexico.
An Advisory Committee on Uranium was formed under Lyman J. Briggs , a scientist and the director of the National Bureau of Standards.
Devin Brown of CBS News called it her best video from Femme Fatale , and added that unlike " Piece of Me " , " ' I Wanna Go ' offers a bevy of pop culture references meant to ridicule the rumors about the star – and finally no ' dancing.
For their involvement in the fighting in New Guinea , in 1961 the 49th Battalion was awarded three battle honours.
During the beginning of the match , the Undertaker began hitting JBL in the corner , before twisting his arm around and dropping JBL 's arm on the top rope.
It would establish animal @-@ handling verification guidelines for all the slaughterhouses of its suppliers.
Marvel additionally partnered with Uber during the event to provide select riders with complimentary trips to or from the convention in custom designed SUVs ..
The U.S. Navy expressed regret ( but not an apology ) to Hartwig 's family and closed its investigation ..
The " Surf " HM move , as one example , is used to cross bodies of water ..
Private letters later found by historians also indicate a warm and affectionate relationship between the family members.
Another theme from The Motion Picture to make a return appearance is the Klingon theme from the 1979 film 's opening scene.
Not long after their inception , Gray invited Jordison to a rehearsal because the band was interested in experimenting with additional drum elements.
A significant plot element is House 's use of Vicodin to manage pain , caused by an infarction in his quadriceps muscle five years before the show 's first season , which also forces him to use a cane.
Although in more recent years Broad St has lost its popularity due to the closing of several clubs , the Arcadian now has more popularity in terms of nightlife.
Florida State recovered the kick at its 15 @-@ yard line and began its second possession.
These schemes included a plan to grow oaks in the unlikely location of Sierra Leone for Royal Navy ships , a plan to ship Ascension rocks to England , and a plan to ship New Zealand flax to England which he discussed in a letter to Henry Bathurst , 3rd Earl Bathurst.
State Road 1 was replaced by Primary State Highway 1 ( PSH 1 ) in the Primary state highways , which was created in 1937.
The Belgian General Staff was determined to fight for its own interests , alone if necessary ..
Dedicating the song , Bono said , " we wrote it for Greg Carroll , whose family are with us tonight.
The final was held in Rome , four days after the club had lost the 1977 FA Cup Final to Manchester United.
In many Romance languages , the literal translation of the local term for " midshipman " into English is " Navy Guard " , including the French garde marine , Spanish guardia marina , Portuguese guarda @-@ marinha , and Italian guardiamarina.
There was a movement in the late nineteenth century to interpret all the Boeotian heroes as merely personifications of the constellations ; there has since come to be wide agreement that the myth of Orion existed before there was a constellation named for him.
He capped off his performance by making his first rushing touchdown of the season , a career @-@ long , 44 @-@ yard run in the third quarter.
A candy bar was developed with a dark cocoa @-@ flavored cookie pieces mixed with Japanese @-@ style <unk> rice , and finally coated with dark milk chocolate.
Nick Levine of Time Out agreed , writing that " the sassy stuff is excellent , especially the catchy , trap @-@ tinged ' Iconic '.
After basic aeronautical instruction at an elementary flying training school , pupils went on to an SFTS to learn techniques they would require as operational ( or " service " ) pilots , including instrument flying , night flying , cross @-@ country navigation , advanced aerobatics , formation flying , dive bombing , and aerial gunnery.
The storm then entered the Gulf of Mexico and continued weakening , falling to Category 2 intensity late on September 28.
Hitler and the Nazi Party held mass meetings and rallies in Munich and elsewhere during the early 1920s , attempting to gain supporters in a bid for political power.
Many critics stated that though the graphics were not as good as the PlayStation 2 predecessor , they were very good for a GBA game.
The renewal requires the presentation of a new health clearance , while the police conduct a new background check.
Tsamere has acted in several films , including the short Being Homer Simpson with Philippe <unk> and Véronique Augereau , and <unk> , a 2013 adaptation of Starbuck ..
The next morning , guitar strings were put inside the car and a man on the floor plucked the strings to achieve the effect.
Staff Sergeant Michael T. Landis stated the use of real soldiers made the scenes more realistic and helped portray the military in a more positive light , explaining that , " It 's easy for us to make on @-@ the @-@ spot corrections to tactics and uniforms , the director actually took our recommendation on one scene and let us all engage the enemy as opposed to only the gunners in the trucks engaging ".
Coming from a position of American privilege and wealth , they failed to understand the position of the native workers and had difficulty finding and negotiating for reliable porters ..
Advertising alcohol on television and in the press was outlawed under president Marc Ravalomanana.
This was credited to families trying to make up lost time after the war.
Danville had a thriving musical life , and early works of his were publicly performed there ..
Thomas Hischak , in his The Rodgers and Hammerstein Encyclopedia , states : " It is generally agreed that the [ movie ] is the finest film adaptation of any R & H musical ".
After winning , they moved on for a rematch with the Jazz in the Finals ..
In 2006 , during The Adventures of Mimi Tour , Carey performed " Hero " as the penultimate song on the set @-@ list.
The single went on to sell nearly 40 @,@ 000 copies.
The reformers ' first goal was the creation of a new order of service — at this time the Strasbourg reformers followed Zwingli 's liturgy.
General Dill described Papagos ' attitude as " unaccommodating and defeatist " and argued that his plan ignored the fact that Greek troops and artillery were capable of only token resistance.
Benham loaded the three wounded sailors and sped to the naval hospital at Norfolk , Virginia , while Parker took on the remainder of Aylwin 's crew.
The service was a cooperation between Ofotbanen and the Swedish company Scandinavian Railway ..
Declared to be " recovered " , Trott was discharged after spending 400 days at Kew Asylum.
The castle and surrounding lands were bought by the Seymour @-@ Conway family in 1754.
He was originally ( and again in retirement from the billiards circuit ) a Californian , but spent much of his professional career in Chicago , Illinois.
One is dated 1639 , and another is known to have been repaired in 1724.
Solo kept three clean sheets , two in group @-@ stage against Colombia with 3 – 0 and Korea DPR with 1 – 0 , and a 2 – 0 win against New Zealand in the quarter @-@ final.
The Duke of Edinburgh wrote that his daughter " promises to be as fine a child as her brother and gives every evidence of finely developed lungs and did so before she was fairly in the world.
Goldstein was highly critical of the eighth level , stating " the penultimate chapter is so bad , just thinking about it puts a rotten taste in my mouth.
Davis said , " Max was looking to move on from what he had done with Backstreet Boys , and I really spent time convincing them that an ' American Idol ' winner could bring all the feeling and passion that was required to the song.
His budget numbers were contested by Tim Russert on Meet the Press , during a heated interview , after which , a frustrated Perot considered dropping out of the race.
On 24 June Bedouin not directly affiliated to Qasim 's irregulars attacked Ibrahim Pasha 's camp in Palestine 's coastal plain.
The essential difficulty is that sophisticated computation by neural networks requires distributed processing in which hundreds or thousands of neurons work cooperatively — current methods of brain activity recording are only capable of isolating action potentials from a few dozen neurons at a time ..
Three days later , on 24 July , U @-@ 30 returned to Lorient , having experienced a malfunction in one of her engines.
Despite Hassett 's feat , New South Wales won the match ; O 'Reilly took a total of 8 / 157 ..
Despite winning neither of the breaststroke events , Evans successfully earned selection and lined up at the Commonwealth Games in the 100 m and 200 m breaststroke and the 4 × 100 m medley relay.
This building became the lodge house of an Elizabethan mansion , the Great House , built in the late 16th century by John Young , who had bought the friary from Bristol Corporation after the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
When he gets on base he 's more trouble still.
" Rude Boy " is an up @-@ tempo dancehall song which incorporates elements of raggamuffin.
At the same time he appointed the young Alexios Komnenos as his Domestic of the Schools ( commander @-@ in @-@ chief ) , and sought aid from the Seljuk Sultan Suleyman , who sent 2 @,@ 000 warriors and promised even more.
Frauenlob was ordered under the contract name " G " and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in 1901 and launched on 22 March 1902 , after which fitting @-@ out work commenced.
Unlike some other classical figures ( Comte , Durkheim ) Weber did not attempt , consciously , to create any specific set of rules governing social sciences in general , or sociology in particular.
La Trinidad de Nosotros also underwent major expansion in the Late Preclassic and became larger and more important than Motul de San José , with its architectural layout being finalised in this period – later Classic period construction was superimposed upon pre @-@ existing Late Preclassic structures ..
There she remained until she was awarded to France as a war reparation in 1920.
In 1790 , Evans moved from Newport to Wilmington and constructed a working model of his designs in the town.
The tale is about a badger called Tommy Brock and his arch enemy Mr. Tod , a fox.
Of the 20 claimed , just three fighters were lost and three pilots were wounded.
Following the release of Persona 3 and 4 , the series also established a strong following in Europe.
As Martha L. Rose , Professor of History at Truman State University , explains , " only in comedy do dogs litigate , birds govern , or women declaim " ..
The USAF suffered no losses and they claimed to have shot down seven MiG @-@ 21 fighters , but only five were confirmed by the North Vietnamese.
The open cabildo was held on May 22 , 1810 ; it was debated whether the viceroy should continue in office , and if not , who should replace him.
Most species avoid locations with strong currents or waves , and typical sites include rocky overhangs , crevices and caves , steep slopes of continental shelves , and in deep ocean floors.
The idea was revived in 1728 , when John Hore , who had previously succeeded in making the River Kennett navigable , suggested a canal around 8 @.@ 2 miles ( 13 @.@ 2 km ) long , with 12 locks , suitable for 60 @-@ ton barges.
Only eighteen men were pulled from the freezing water ..
To protect against raking fire the upper strake was closed off by 4 @.@ 5 @-@ inch transverse bulkheads at each end ..
In Vegetarian Walt Disney World and Greater Orlando , Susan Shumaker and Than Saffel write that the restaurant has " the wackiest dining experience in any Disney park ".
In the Test series which followed , Ambrose was less effective.
In the second game of the day , fifth @-@ seeded Cornell upset first @-@ ranked Virginia.
S. <unk> passed in the Senate by a 75 – 16 roll @-@ call vote on November 28 after it was approved by the Senate Post Office and Civil Service Committee and sharply criticized by the Senate Judiciary Committee ..
Tisdale is also a supporter of Habitat for Humanity , a charity devoted to building homes for people in need.
Both felt like it would not work out and be ill received by viewers.
Although unsuccessful at his first attempt in 1899 , Churchill was elected as the member of Parliament for the Oldham parliamentary borough constituency in the 1900 general election.
Headlam co @-@ piloted a Dakota on a supply drop on 20 December ; he was slightly injured and the aircraft badly damaged following a crash @-@ landing at Kampong Aur in Pahang as a result of engine failure ..
In the bottom of the ninth inning , with New York trailing 3 @-@ 2 , Cardinals starting pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander retired the first two batters and then walked Ruth.
They remained at the front for the next week , as part of their introduction to trench warfare , during which time the battalion repelled a small German raid and sent out patrols into " no man 's land " ..
Despite incidents of attacks on humans , lions have enjoyed a positive depiction in culture as strong and noble.
On 13 April 1943 , a flight of five aircraft from 6.
British and American maritime fur traders began visiting the Northwest Coast in 1785 , at which time it was mostly unexplored.
roused the geek @-@ hive fan base and stirred new speculation about his hybrid of classic Westerns and extraterrestrial @-@ invasion thrillers.
A popular Greek legend turned Alexander the Great 's sister , <unk> , into a mermaid after her death , living in the Aegean.
In 1939 , Dr. Ida C. Ward led a research expedition on Igbo dialects which could possibly be used as a basis of a standard Igbo dialect , also known as Central Igbo.
During the intermission , Holly talks with the three students about the hidden cost of insults and suggests they cheer as opposed to jeering , but they opt to leave instead.
Pete has forgotten that it is Valentine 's Day , which also happens to be his wife Paula 's birthday.
Lee even uses dreamlike imagery from the mad dog incident to describe some of the courtroom scenes.
He had appeared as Kir in the episode " Counterpoint ".
Though privately expressing doubts about the signing , the club captain , Eric Westwood , a Normandy veteran , made a public display of welcoming Trautmann by announcing , " There 's no war in this dressing room ".
He could be a version of the Green Man , a mythological being connected with nature in medieval art , a Christian symbol , or the Devil himself.
He has also stated that his first wife , Linda , mother to his three children , once had to come pick him up from a crack house during his playing career ..
After the railroad tracks , the routes enter downtown Orchard Park , becoming a two @-@ lane commercial street before intersecting with US 20A ( Quaker Street ) in the center of the village ..
In 2010 , Zakuani accepted a call up from Congo for a friendly match against Mali.
It was also favorably compared to the first BioShock game , with some critics even considering Infinite had surpassed it ..
For spacecraft interior shots , ostensibly containing a giant centrifuge that produces artificial gravity , Kubrick had a 30 @-@ short @-@ ton ( 27 t ) rotating " <unk> wheel " built by Vickers @-@ Armstrong Engineering Group at a cost of $ 750 @,@ 000.
She was raised , rebuilt , and recommissioned , but sank no more ships.
On his arrival in Jamaica , Bond soon realises that he is being watched , as his hotel room is searched , a basket of poisoned fruit is delivered to the room ( supposedly a gift from the colonial governor ) and a deadly centipede is placed in his bed while he is sleeping.
At that time , Hertha was under the command of Captain Heinrich Rohardt , a friend of his uncle Friedrich.
When working together as a group , these player characters ( PCs ) are often described as a " party " of adventurers , with each member often having their own area of specialty which contributes to the success of the whole.
Peter agrees to get one , despite not knowing what it involves.
When discussing the song in Michael Azerrad 's biography Come as You Are : The Story of Nirvana , Cobain revealed that he felt a duty " to describe what I felt about my surroundings and my generation and people my age.
A high midline ridge is present between the dorsal fins.
Geological processes in a desert climate can concentrate minerals into valuable deposits.
" Kenneth and Warren Ober compare the opening lines of " She dwelt " to the traditional ballad " Katharine Jaffray " and note similarities in rhythm and structure , as well as in theme and imagery :.
Azula banishes nearly all of her subjects ( including her Dai Li agents ) in fear of betrayal , haunted by the actions of former friends Mai and Ty Lee in " The Boiling Rock , Part 2 ".
Stuart Hood , writing for The Spectator in 1965 , praised Thunderbirds as a " modern fairy tale " ; adding that it " can sometimes be frightening " , he recommended that children watch it accompanied by their parents.
" Resentment " used Curtis Mayfield 's 1972 " Think ( Instrumental ) " , from the Super Fly soundtrack.
This included 283 men who were killed in action and one who was listed as " missing ".
The Sounders began 2011 by hosting the opening match of the MLS season for the third straight year.
Others were in a " stilted Perpendicular " style ,.
Cities like New York , Baltimore and Philadelphia saw their population boom in the second half of the century ; New York tripled in size between 1850 and 1890 , for example.
Whilst at Highbury he spent several loan spells at both Luton Town and Brighton & Hove Albion.
However , through the power of the Wave Existence , they are able to be reincarnated in later eras to combat Deus.
New styles appeared , like alternative hip hop and the closely related jazz rap fusion , pioneered by rappers like De La Soul and Guru.
An access ladder and safety rails , installed in 1990 , provide access to the cupola.
The music video features Bieber attracted to a girl he sees in the laundromat , as he leads her on a scavenger hunt to win a date with her.
The result of the ECB maintaining historically low interest rates and restricting money supply has been that over the last decade the euro has become expensive relative to the currency of Europe 's main trading partners.
During the war the dock was struck on several occasions including a bombing raid in 1940 that damaged ships within it , and more destructively during the May Blitz of 1941 when German bombing caused extensive damage to the south west stack.
" When I first read the script , the thing that struck me most was that the characters were well @-@ written and the relationships between them were strong and believable , " Detmer said.
The pier was re @-@ designated a Grade 1 listed building in 2001 , the only other pier with this status being Brighton 's West Pier ( largely destroyed by fire and storms between 2002 and 2004 ) ..
From among fifty applications , Petre was chosen and commissioned as a lieutenant in the Australian Military Forces , his appointment on 6 August 1912 making him the nation 's first military pilot.
She appeared as her character in the music video for the soundtrack 's lead single , ' Gangsta 's Paradise ' by Coolio ( featuring L.V. ) , which was used by the producer Jerry Bruckheimer for television advertising.
Uttarakhand has a great diversity of flora and fauna.
In Singapore , during the program 's production , Krishna keeps his word and reveals nothing exceptional about himself much to the disappointment of Honey and Priya , who get fired again ..
As the result the child would be wan , Vyasa told his mother , who begged for another child.
The album is lyrically consumed with sorrow and uncertainty about the world.
Many theories have been suggested in immunology from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time.
He had a season high 25 points to go along with 11 rebounds and four blocked shots in leading the Bulldogs to a victory over Murray State 69 – 60 on February 21.
The process of putting together All the Way … A Decade of Song was laborious for all involved , from balancing the number of hits and new songs to ensuring that each of the latest tracks showed a new side of Dion.
The glass works closed in the 1990s and its site is now occupied by various units on an industrial estate ..
The height of the rivalry was when Bayern defeated Dortmund , 2 – 1 in the final of the 2013 UEFA Champions League ..
Wilkins Ice Shelf is another ice shelf that has suffered substantial retreat.
This entailed three airborne divisions capturing bridges to be used subsequently by the British Second Army.
Actress Karri Turner provided the voice of Gifford in " Weight Gain 4000 " , marking her first and only guest appearance on South Park.
In contrast , during her studio time with Timbaland , she said she was " in the VIP boys club of just letting go " and being more impulsive.
The title for " Another Song About the Weekend " is a reference to Secret Lives of the Freemasons 's album Weekend Warriors ( 2008 ) , while the lyrics are about " a sick cycle " of " life on the road [ ... ] Every time you 're gone , you miss home and when you get home , you miss the road ".
Wind gusts peaked at 104 mph ( 167 km / h ) in Varadero , and winds in the capital of Havana reached 70 mph ( 110 km / h ).
On metamorphosing into an adult , the pedicle attaches to a surface , the front lobe develops the lophophore and other organs , and the mantle rolls up over the front lobe and starts to secrete the shell.
The karst topography developed from the Adriatic Carbonate Platform , where karstification largely began after the final raising of the Dinarides in the Oligocene and Miocene epochs , when carbonate rock was exposed to atmospheric effects such as rain ; this extended to 120 metres ( 390 ft ) below the present sea level , exposed during the Last Glacial Maximum 's sea level drop.
On one side were the Prime Minister of Australia Billy Hughes and the Prime Minister of New Zealand Bill Massey , who strongly favoured its renewal.
In the summer of 2007 , the Sigma Nu residence underwent significant structural renovations to bring the building up to the college 's minimum standards and improve living facilities.
The music differed from that of the previous game in its inclusion of tracks that were solely electronic , rather than a mixture of techno and orchestral.
After dissipating , the remnants of Manuel brought copious amounts of rainfall to a wide swath of Texas.
Producer Glen Morgan felt that the episode 's writers , Alex Gansa and Howard Gordon , " have a better character @-@ dramatic sense " , adding that he believed the episode " really helped define Mulder ".
In 1913 , designer Carl Jantzen made the first functional two @-@ piece swimwear.
He followed that season up by scoring 32 points and recording 245 PIM in 1999 – 2000 in a season split between Sudbury and the Mississauga IceDogs ..
He would suddenly change direction and shift his support between senior associates ; he was a difficult boss and liked to berate his staff in public.
Following his successful debut season and promising start to his second , he was compared to Gary Ablett Jr.
The RR Pictoris system is estimated to lie around 1300 light @-@ years distant from Earth ..
It was 12 inches thick abreast the magazines and thinned down to 3 @.@ 9 inches ( 99 mm ) at the bow and 4 @.@ 9 inches ( 124 mm ) at the stern.
Final Fantasy IV Official Soundtrack is nearly the same release as Final Fantasy IV : Original Sound Version , the soundtrack album for the original game , except that the songs were rerecorded by TOSE , resulting in minor differences , some song titles were slightly changed , and a 45th track was added , " Theme of Love ( Arranged ) " , which had previously only been released as a piano version on the second track of Piano Collections Final Fantasy IV.
In late 1985 , U2 moved into drummer Larry Mullen , Jr.
Many less senior visitors or servants would never have entered this far , seeing only the external elements of the castle , but perhaps having been impressed by the outside of the Great Tower as they arrived ..
He took a position with the NFL 's Minnesota Vikings.
German bombers were to strike at the RAF airfields in the south @-@ east corner of England.
She and her sister were the covering force for the assaults on Narvik and Trondheim ( Flag Officer <unk> Admiral Günther Lütjens ).
Schumacher won six of the first seven races and was leading the Spanish Grand Prix , before a gearbox failure left him stuck in fifth gear.
The tomb was " rediscovered " after the Fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Turks in 1453 by the dervish Sheikh Ak Shams al @-@ Din , and Sultan Mehmed II ( r.
Canada advanced to the final , where they defeated Finland 2 – 1 to capture the gold medal.
The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target , and had to withdraw.
The film 's producers launched a nationwide talent hunt to discover new faces for the film , initially refusing to employ established actors.
Westley also gave first @-@ team opportunities to players who had progressed through the club 's youth system , most notably George Boyd.
Bertrand compared the work unfavourably with those of contemporary French composers such as Charles Gounod and Félicien David.
Lowe 's Chris Traeger character is energetic , eccentric and overly cheerful , whereas Scott 's Ben Wyatt is more pragmatic and realistic.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal authorized the mobilization of the state 's National Guard members to active duty ..
In connection with this , Maria took a position as governess : first as a home tutor in Warsaw ; then for two years as a governess in <unk> with a landed family , the <unk> , who were relatives of her father.
He kept out of trouble and generally used his head.
It has been estimated that about 50 grams ( 1 @.@ 8 oz ) of fresh mushrooms contains sufficient toxin to cause the death of a 50 @-@ kilogram ( 110 lb ) adult.
Bickel asserts that Joyce lived into his eighties , beyond the date ( 1958 ) of the first Antarctica crossing by Vivian Fuchs and his party ; in fact , he died from natural causes , aged about 65 , on 2 May 1940 @.@ is not supported by any other sources.
To enable venue managers to gauge the number of seats available for resale , teachers escorting students to events were instructed to inform venue managers if they intended to leave before sessions ended and the number of seats occupied by students.
They ascended a 22 @,@ 567 @-@ foot ( 6 @,@ 878 m ) peak , giving Fanny a new altitude record.
Products of the dromedary , including its meat and milk , support several north Arabian tribes ; it is also commonly used for riding and as a beast of burden ..
In an interview with <unk> at the end of the season , he told Swedish reporters that while he enjoyed playing in Vancouver , competing alongside countrymen Alexander Edler and the Sedins in particular , he " didn 't think very highly of management.
" Drunk in Love " was written by Beyoncé , Detail and Jay @-@ Z , who appears as the featured artist on the track.
At what seems to be a conventional four @-@ way intersection regulated by a traffic light , both highways turn , and it is necessary to turn to the northeast to stay on NY 32 headed north.
Moon taught himself how to play poker , and he first started playing with his grandfather at a young age.
Then , in 1951 , when Churchill again became Prime Minister , he appointed Ismay Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations.
Recorded at Abbey Road Studios , the score was inspired by orchestral scores from 1940s films.
Their wedding , the most lavish spectacle Florence had hitherto seen , was composed of a retinue of over three @-@ hundred carriages.
Despite catching a " crab " , the Dark Blues continued to overhaul Cambridge and were level by the bottom of Chiswick Eyot.
In modern times , taiko have also played a central role in social movements for minorities both within and outside Japan ..
He quickly assembled 135 local militiamen and met up with Colonel Daniel Boone and Major Levi Todd and more militia at Bryan Station.
IFK Malmö 's record attendance was set on 10 September 1969 in a Division 2 Scanian derby fixture against Helsingborgs IF which attracted 25 @,@ 624 spectators to the stadium , the match ended 1 – 0 in Helsingborg 's favour ..
While Director General , he was responsible for the establishment of the United Kingdom 's Joint Force Logistic Component for the forthcoming operations in Iraq and became involved in planning for the invasion of the country.
His last dramatic work for radio , Voices ( 2005 ) , a collaboration with composer James Clarke , adapting selected works by Pinter to music , premièred on BBC Radio 3 on his 75th birthday on 10 October 2005.
Australia won every game , save a draw against Canterbury.
With equipment on loan from Siebe Gorman , he and Penelope ( " Mossy " ) Powell penetrated 52 m ( 170 ft ) into the cave , reaching the seventh chamber , using standard diving dress.
IGN 's Matt Wales rated the episode 8 out of 10 , and thought that " even less actually happened " than the previous episode , though he enjoyed the " atmospheric build @-@ up and more thoughtful tone ".
In an attempt to end these raids , Clark led an expedition of 1 @,@ 200 drafted men against Indian towns on the Wabash River in 1786 , one of the first actions of the Northwest Indian War.
A few months after the publication of Newton 's article , <unk> Bennett responded with an essay on the film in Ebony , titled " The Emancipation Orgasm : Sweetback in Wonderland , " in which he discussed the film 's " black aesthetic ".
Weiskind concluded , " Forget about the proverbial pot of gold.
In the final game of the regular season , a must @-@ win game that would send the Pelicans to the 2015 NBA Playoffs , Davis recorded 31 points , 13 rebounds , and 3 blocks in a 108 @-@ 103 victory over the defending @-@ champion San Antonio Spurs.
This evidence strengthened the view that electrons existed as components of atoms ..
Two million years ago , scientists believe , the jaguar and its closest relative , the similarly spotted leopard , shared a common ancestor in Asia.
Two weeks prior it , the song peaked at number one on the UK Airplay Chart.
The Division Maneuver Exercise , dubbed Operation <unk> , brought together Guard units from Virginia and Maryland , as well as Massachusetts , New Jersey , Connecticut and the District of Columbia.
After each game , the player receives a ranking based on the total time taken to complete the scenario , and on the number of saves and special healing items used.
However , proponents of the program argue that Puerto Rico 's social condition is in far worse shape than any of the 50 U.S. states.
In 1986 , Johnson was credited with three and a half sacks as he was used as the designated third @-@ down pass rushing specialist.
At this time , he emerged as an extraordinarily popular messianic folk hero and his country 's leading nationalist ; MESAN became the majority party in the Territorial Assembly elections in March 1952.
" He worked at his parents ' grocery store and graduated from Wichita North High School in Wichita , Kansas in May 1942.
She also stated that the role is her dream job ..
Time magazine television critic James Poniewozik called it " a fine but unremarkable , meat @-@ and @-@ potatoes Office about a Michael screw @-@ up " , which made him question whether the show could continue after Carell left.
It is surrounded by early 17th century paintings relating to his life , painted by Baltasar de Echave <unk>.
Due in part to the Kent State Shootings on May 4 , and 134 faculty members who had formally joined the strike , Portland State University was forced to close from May 6 to 11.
The gravestones of prominent local leaders are more ornate in character , including that of Captain David Pugh and his family , who are buried under a large obelisk that lists the names of his three wives and their respective children.
On the opposite river bank , the JNA advanced towards Vodice and Šibenik , threatening the city from the west , reaching the western side of the 390 @-@ metre ( 1 @,@ 280 ft ) Šibenik Bridge on the Adriatic Highway.
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe was Midway Games 's last project before filing for bankruptcy and selling the rights to Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment the following year in 2009.
The government of France sent a plane with food , medicine , and other equipment to the affected areas.
The ship set a precedent for subsequent German armored cruisers by concentrating her secondary armament amidships , as opposed to Fürst Bismarck , which spread the secondary armament along the length of the ship ..
The cyclone entered the Gulf of Mexico near Egmont Key , south of Saint Petersburg in the Tampa Bay region , with winds of 60 mph ( 100 km / h ).
The Lake Shore Limited stopped at the east @-@ of @-@ downtown station that had been used from 1965 to 1971 ..
The increasing popularity of Brighton as a resort resulted in an " exponential growth in housing ".
In a discussion about the book in Slate magazine , John Horgan was particularly moved by Gladwell 's family history.
Arranged in two side @-@ long gapless suites , the album 's songs are characterized by electronic grooves , striking beats , improvisational rhythms , string synthesizers , and cross @-@ rhythms produced by turntable scratches , African and Latin @-@ influenced percussion , and percussive raps.
First published in 1897 , it was based on Crane 's experience of surviving a shipwreck off the coast of Florida earlier that year while traveling to Cuba to work as a newspaper correspondent.
Lactarius rufulus is a mycorrhizal species , and lives in a mutualistic association with oak species.
The French kings , however , had an increasing financial , and thus military , advantage over Henry.
Before the start of the 2001 season , head coach Andy Reid said , " Mentally , [ Mitchell is ] right there.
She wants Trinity to have a good relationship with her dad , Chris Bosh , and adverse publicity makes that more difficult.
I am deeply disappointed at the meanness of his effort.
He then scored in the third minute against Barrow , who equalised seven minutes later through Lee Hunt , in a home match that finished a 1 – 1 home draw.
London 's universities form the largest concentration of higher education institutes in Europe , and a 2014 report placed it first in the world university rankings.
Sullivan concluded that Trevor is one of the few protagonists in the Grand Theft Auto series that would willingly execute popular player actions , such as murder and violence.
RAAF C @-@ 130s continued to support operations in and around Australia during the early 2000s.
He witnessed many atrocities committed by Spaniards against the native <unk> and <unk> peoples.
The tooth is poorly preserved and may have been degraded by acidic water or because it passed through a predator 's digestive tract.
This celebration was attended by many dignitaries , including local nobles such as a b 'aah sajal ( " first ruler " ) named K 'an Mo ' Te ' who had served K 'inich Yo 'nal Ahk II.
Aldermaston was mentioned in Plum Pie ( 1966 ) by P. G. Wodehouse — " Every now and then we march from Aldermaston , protesting like a ton of bricks ... And then we sit a good deal.
On 31 January , the effort to retake the city began anew.
Black Hawk responded by successfully attacking the militia at the Battle of Stillman 's Run.
A substantial fraction of hot @-@ Jupiters even have retrograde orbits , meaning that they orbit in the opposite direction from the star 's rotation.
In 1929 , Perkins , who was also a member of the Connecticut Forest and Park Association and its Blue Blazed Trails committee , found Ned Anderson , a farmer in Sherman , Connecticut , who took on the task of mapping and blazing the Connecticut leg of the trail ( 1929 – 1933 ).
Lage Raho Munna Bhai was an acclaimed film.
He often spent his summers in Newburyport , Massachusetts , where his father served as a city councilor for 18 years.
Sherman believed the state @-@ by @-@ state system of regulation was disorderly and unable to facilitate the level of borrowing a modern nation might require.
He also started a new radio segment called " Medical Question Box " , where he would read listeners ' medical complaints over the air and suggest proprietary treatments.
Leaving Fanny and her nurse Marguerite behind , she embarked for Strömstad , Sweden , where she took a short detour to visit the fortress of <unk> , and then proceeded to Larvik , Norway.
Route 284 is a 7 @.@ 03 @-@ mile ( 11 @.@ 31 km ) state highway in New Jersey , United States , running from Route 23 in Sussex north to the New York state line in Wantage Township.
After this Alan Hughes gave him the nickname " The Rocket ".
Prior to his relocation to Wheeling , he was also Master of the Clinton Lodge of Masons in Romney.
A well @-@ developed typhoon was first observed on November 29 while located about 150 miles ( 240 km ) south of Yap.
The remainder of the family — Simon , his younger brother Hillel , and his mother Rosa — fled to Vienna as the Russian army took control of Galicia.
The progressive en echelon sequence of this attack would prevent Meade from shifting troops from his center to bolster his left.
Hannover was astern of Pommern and was forced to turn hard to starboard in order to avoid the wreck.
Perhaps most important , the Analytical Review provided a forum for radical political and religious ideas.
While the aircraft was en route to Hiroshima , Parsons climbed into the cramped and dark bomb bay , and inserted the powder charge and detonator.
Not only was there the threat of a Catholic resurgence but there were also disputes within the Protestant Church.
Highmore , in response , asked for a charge against John Harper , one of the rebellious actors , for being a vagrant , and Harper was sent to Bridewell Palace prison.
To seek better fortunes , his father , Lee Lip Chai , emigrated to Negri Sembilan , Malaysia , where he started a horse @-@ drawn transport service and a provision shop , then initiated a series of charitable projects , including setting up a clan association and schools.
Two light helicopters in Mahajanga and Sambava were dispatched to support two planes in providing assistance to affected populations.
Robert 's office as the king 's steward may also have gone to Urse , as it was later held by Urse 's heirs.
Bayston Hill lies 3 miles ( 5 km ) south of the town centre of Shrewsbury and on the A49 and near to the A5.
Since the tower 's spire is not enclosed in a radome as originally planned , it could be classified as a simple antenna , which is not included in a building 's height , according to the CTBUH.
Books and pamphlets supporting her claims included Harriet von Rathlef 's book Anastasia , ein <unk> als Spiegel der <unk> ( Anastasia , a Woman 's Fate as Mirror of the World Catastrophe ) , which was published in Germany and Switzerland in 1928 , though it was serialized by the tabloid newspaper Berliner <unk> in 1927.
When the columns neared the prepared execution site , the victims were driven some 270 metres ( 300 yd ) from the road into the forest , where any possessions that had not yet been abandoned were seized.
Those who survived were released after serving their sentences ; these were generally Poles from nearby villages ..
In the fifth kanzenban , Watsuki redesigned the character of Sanosuke in a draft version.
Magma feeding the domes may have exploited arc @-@ shaped fissures around an intrusion of granitic rock deep below the chain.
The main areas of operation were the central mountain passes , the northern coastal routes , and near the Gulf of Suez.
Flora produced heavy rainfall and moderately strong winds in the Dominican Republic.
Alabama responded with their first of five consecutive touchdowns on their next possession and cut the A & M lead to 14 – 7 when AJ McCarron threw a 22 @-@ yard touchdown pass to Kevin Norwood ..
After this Hitler personally ordered Heydrich to return to Berlin to resume his SS duties.
The division formed the nucleus of the Multinational Force Haiti and Joint Task Force 190 ( JTF 190 ) in Haiti during Operation Uphold Democracy.
They were arranged in three engine rooms.
After her sixth audition for the band , named Ratu , meaning Queen , she was chosen to be its vocalist.
According to Hitler , three qualifications had to be met for the attack to proceed.
He was a member of the Senate after Rosas 's fall and president of Argentina for six years ( 1868 – 1874 ).
Between 1899 and 1902 , four Manchester ships and their crews were requisitioned by the United Kingdom government to transport troops , horses , and supplies to South Africa during the Boer War and its aftermath.
Game hunting was a familiar beneficial skill to the colonists when they immigrated to the New World.
The mouth has thin , smooth lips.
The Royal Changeling , ( 1998 ) , by John Whitbourn , describes the rebellion with some fantasy elements added , from the viewpoint of Sir Theophilus Oglethorpe.
It was written as a reward for players who had finished the game ..
The loss relegated them to a final match against Norway , which they won 4 – 1 , to secure third place standing at the tournament.
In 1964 , testifying for the Warren Commission , Altgens was asked about the gunfire and whether he knew its source.
However , the device was booby @-@ trapped and an attempt to disable it resulted in its detonation.
The historic hill , with significant Aboriginal and European heritage sites , has been a well @-@ known landmark since the 1830s , and featured on an 1846 survey of the York Road.
The effects of a rib injury limited his bowling , and he achieved little with the bat.
On 31 August 1939 she went to her war station at Portland and embarked the two squadrons of Swordfish.
The song is a political @-@ charged anthem to Havana , the relationship between Cuba and the United States , the international economic blockade against Cuba , and Cuban emigration to Florida.
Haasan became emotional and could not control his tears.
When East Anglia was first mentioned by Bede in his Ecclesiastical History of the English People , it was a powerful kingdom ruled by Rædwald ( died about 624 ).
In February 2015 , Steam began to open similar options for in @-@ game item purchases for third @-@ party games ..
The arranged tracks come from the cutscenes added to the game , while Tsuyoshi Sekito composed four new pieces for the game 's bonus features which weren 't included on the soundtrack.
Daltrey , who was in the year above , had moved to Acton from Shepherd 's Bush , a more working @-@ class area.
Students applying to programs that require specific skills ( such as music , architecture , dance , and others ) must take a specific knowledge test even before the first phase ..
Though the government @-@ appointed Navajo Nation covered 175 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 acres ( 710 @,@ 000 km2 ) , only 0 @.@ 01 percent of that area was arable.
Baylor 's starting quarterback , Blake Szymanski , was questionable for the game because of a mild concussion he suffered in a game against Kansas.
Mumbai was lashed by torrential rains on 26 – 27 July 2005 , during which the city was brought to a complete standstill.
When the tribune interposed his person to aid an individual against a magistrate or another citizen , it was called <unk>.
The second roll , British Library Additional MS <unk> , is still in its original condition with the exception of a written endorsement by Mary Fox from 1857 and some damage caused by an application of chemicals to reveal faded writing ..
DeConcini also continued on behalf of Keating , contacting Wall , California State regulators , and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) advocating approval of a sale of Lincoln as a December 1988 alternative to government seizure.
She stated at the time of R U Tuff Enuff 's distribution that the sound on the album differed from anything she had done previously.
The pair were consequently credited with shooting down three aircraft for their efforts in the operation , with an additional three others damaged or destroyed on the ground ..
" After each day of shooting , footage was edited and sent overnight to editors in L.A. who added CGI and sent it back ..
Iran Air , the national airline , was founded in 1962 and operates domestic and international flights.
The pinnacle of the league season arrived at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in a 3 – 0 win over Real Madrid.
The Planning Screen has two maps ; the smaller one on the bottom @-@ left shows the operational area and the larger map a close @-@ up view of the region selected by the player.
Streatham and Europe weighed over 800 tons each and carried 30 cannon , whereas the smaller Lord Keith was 600 tons and carried 12 guns.
Bern was not prepared to insist on the unhindered preaching or the prohibition of the pension system.
The Light Division tried to cut the German corridor by advancing to the west and linking up with a small ferry bridgehead over the <unk> Kil.
They are adapted for life in environments where resources are low or water is scarce.
James Thompson 's plays often dealt with the contest between public duty and private feelings , included Sophonisba ( 1730 ) , Agamemnon ( 1738 ) and <unk> and <unk> ( 1745 ) , the last of which was an international success.
Light industry and vacant lots overtook Prairie Avenue during the second half of the 20th century.
It is also found in western Canada.
Resident Evil 5 producer Jun Takeuchi said that he considered a " completely new system " for Resident Evil 6 , but later ruled out his involvement with the game.
Australian operations in Phuoc Tuy province continued throughout the remainder of 1967 , and although they were largely successful at the tactical level , the Viet Cong continued to be able to enter most of the villages in the province , and were causing increasingly heavy Allied casualties with mines lifted from the controversial barrier minefield laid by the Australians.
The principal structures were concentrated in Freda , <unk> , <unk> , and the new section of the city.
Not all these organisms synthesize coelenterazine : some of them obtain it through their diet.
In 1990 , the City of Portland formed the Johnson Creek Corridor Committee from multiple agencies and citizen groups with varied interests related to the watershed.
Wright did not attend the 1982 premiere of the film version of Pink Floyd — The Wall.
Mirabeau briefly participated in the occupation of Constantinople after the end of the war and was deployed in the Black Sea in early 1919 during the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War.
At 12 : 25 , the light cruisers of the II Scouting Group began to pass the British forces searching for Hipper.
Langan Park , the largest of the parks at 720 acres ( 291 ha ) , features lakes , natural spaces , and contains the Mobile Museum of Art , Azalea City Golf Course , Mobile Botanical Gardens and Playhouse in the Park ..
She later moved to London where she operates a restaurant in East London.
Both of those criticisms were repeated by Electronic Gaming Monthly 's Sam Kennedy in his review.
Lennon and Ono showed their solidarity with the Clydeside UCS workers ' work @-@ in of 1971 by sending a bouquet of red roses and a cheque for £ 5 @,@ 000.
This other Chinon Parchment has been well @-@ known to historians , having been published by Étienne <unk> in 1693 and by Pierre Dupuy in 1751 ..
No. 4 Squadron was recognised as the most successful fighter squadron in France , accounting for as many as 220 victories.
( Denny appeared as Drummond 's sidekick in the radio series , a version of the character named <unk> appeared in the films ) Drummond is a gentleman with a private income ; he is also be construed as " a brutalized ex @-@ officer whose thirst for excitement is also an attempt to reenact [ sic ] the war " , although the character was later described by Cecil Day @-@ Lewis as an " unspeakable public school bully " ..
Torchwood has been conducting experiments on the breach , forcing it open in an attempt to harness it as a source of energy.
" There is a full @-@ page sheet of card , cut out in the shape of the snake lying on a bed of leaves.
The winds left 40 % of the island without power and left at least 3 @,@ 300 people without water.
Y. samlandicus specimens have fine to coarse punctuation ( small spots ) across the head and thorax and an overall coloration that is black , though some specimens have a reddish tone to the legs or antennae ..
Jamaican government minister Edmund Bartlett also defended Bolt 's actions , stating , " We have to see it in the glory of their moment and give it to them.
In the ensuing fight , the sage is killed , but Kamadhenu escapes to the sky and Chandragupta takes her calf with him instead.
Handlen had much praise for the second half , which he noted was filled with dark humor , and featured a " bizarre ending ".
Everyone then hold a funeral for his now @-@ deflated pants.
Before he recognizes his father , Jamie is chased by Myron , who has dressed as Turbo @-@ Man 's arch enemy Dementor ( having caught and tied up the real actor — Richard Moll ).
Riflemen , now under Command of Colo.
Swedish naturalist Carl Peter Thunberg spent a year in the Dutch trading settlement Dejima , near Nagasaki , and was one of the earliest Westerners to collect Japanese prints.
On the <unk> climb , Team Sky reduced the size peloton and the advantage of the breakaway.
At the conclusion of World War II , Woodruff returned to Melbourne to continue his surgical training.
Ford followed with 135 points , nineteen points ahead of Dodge in fourth.
In May 1908 , four fish warehouses on the quayside designed by Thorvald Bindesbøll were opened.
He scored his career Test best of 29 in another tail @-@ wagging performance before taking match figures of 4 / 105 as Australia took a 2 – 0 lead in the Second Test at Lord 's.
Warner Bros. handled the North American release while Columbia Pictures handled the international release.
In the early part of the 1910s , there was an urgent need for medical facilities to treat infants in South Australia since , due to the risks of cross @-@ infection , the Adelaide Children 's Hospital would not treat those under the age of two.
But by November 1999 , McCain had become competitive , measuring evenly with Bush in polls.
The Australian failure to sink the submarine was due to a lack of practice and too few ships being available to create an adequate search scheme ..
CNN 's Tom Charity questioned the idea of a film based on a toy , and felt it would " buzz its youthful demographic [ ... ] but leave the rest of us wondering if Hollywood could possibly aim lower " ..
The rearguard under Amompharetus began to withdraw from the ridge , under pressure from Persian cavalry , to join them.
In 217 BC , Rome was forced to effectively ignore its long @-@ standing principle that its soldiers must be both citizens and property owners when slaves were pressed into naval service ; around 213 BC , the property requirement was reduced from 11 @,@ 000 to 4 @,@ 000 asses.
Vocal fans pointed out other inconsistencies with the game 's visuals in prerelease trailers and pictures that Saber ultimately changed.
Whitney is also credited with creating many of the remote control systems used by radio stations , including the microwave remote control system.
An editor from the Official Xbox Magazine speculated that since the first Pirates of the Caribbean film was " followed by a progressive descent into mediocrity and <unk> with <unk> tentacles in the sequels , any game that 's set before the first movie is likely to be amazing.
The underparts , including the <unk> ( lower leg ) feathers , vary from white to reddish buff among the subspecies , and are either mostly <unk> or bear a varying number of tiny blackish @-@ brown speckles.
At the same time , they are tolerant of drought due to their ability to stop growing under dry conditions by then producing a second growth flush when conditions later improve , even if growth has stopped for 2 weeks.
" America 's First Car " remained the company 's motto for the rest of its existence ..
<unk> , beautiful , and clever ( according to contemporary accounts ) , Mary had a promising childhood.
Nintendo filed suit and Tengen lost , forcing it to remove its NES games from the market.
U @-@ 9 , commanded by Kapitänleutnant Otto Weddigen , had been ordered to attack British transports at Ostend , but had been forced to dive and take shelter from the storm.
Buses were rerouted onto Shepperton Road in 1946 , by which time it had become the preferred route for motorists ..
They have a roughly spherical shape and are ornamented with transparent ( hyaline ) , truncate warts ; the diameter is 4 – 4 @.@ 5 µm , or 5 @.@ 5 – 6 @.@ 5 if the lengths of the warts is included.
On 21 February , Teddy Air launched a route between Stord Airport , Sørstokken , and Oslo , using Saab 340 aircraft.
Despite her luck , in 1994 her winnings fell to $ 500 @,@ 000 , and she spent much of her time over the next four years in the law courts claiming that the casino operators had tampered with her machines and deceived her to keep her winning ..
Two days after the announcement , he appeared on Meet the Press , but was uncomfortable from previous foot surgery.
Four laps later , some teams decided to pit as Kyle Busch went to the garage for repairs.
She settled in the St. Giles district , where she became known to the press as " The Witch of St. Giles ".
As expected , Amondson placed well behind both major candidates ( George W. Bush received 1 @.@ 1 million votes , and John Kerry received over 1 million votes ).
The creek begins in the Klamath Mountains above the Sacramento River drainage , and flows in a generally south @-@ east direction before turning south and sharply west into the Spring Creek Reservoir.
He was joined on the front row of the grid by teammate Biffle.
By May 13 , three thousand federal troops were deployed to Birmingham to restore order , even though Alabama Governor George Wallace told President Kennedy that state and local forces were sufficient.
Todd Klein , an award winning letter and logo designer , mainly worked for DC Comics during the 1980s.
Beaverbrook , who had developed a fondness for Driberg , was amused by the disparity between his columnist 's professed left @-@ wing sympathies and bon vivant lifestyle.
Because the 20th Brigade had borne the brunt of the fighting following the landing in September , the 26th Brigade , which had landed at Langemak Bay on the night of 20 October under Brigadier David Whitehead , was chosen to spearhead the attack.
The hurricane dropped around 5 inches ( 127 mm ) of rain in San Juan , producing slick roads that resulted in several minor car accidents.
I don 't know which one is which.
The artwork by the character Jack Deebs was drawn by underground comix artist Spain Rodriguez.
For most of his life and entire Congressional career , Frank was known as a Jew.
In 1843 , a later set of meetings at Champoeg created the Provisional Government of Oregon with a judiciary consisting of a supreme judge and two justices of the peace for trial level courts.
By 2003 , there were still 138 men unaccounted for and human remains , equipment and weaponry continue to be dug up in the farmland around the city ..
GMAW can be difficult to perform well outdoors , since drafts can dissipate the shielding gas and allow contaminants into the weld ; flux cored arc welding is better suited for outdoor use such as in construction.
The flacon of the perfume is inspired by apothecary bottles and is made to resemble a magical potion , featuring a light golden colour scheme ..
Moisture from the storm extended into the United States , causing heavy rainfall and localized moderate damage in southeastern New Mexico ..
In the same year , he directed a sequel to Don titled Don 2 ( 2011 ) , which remains as his highest @-@ grossing film till date.
This delay gave Heinrich von Plauen enough time to organize a defense.
In early 2013 , she asked the consulate general of the Philippines , William John T Perera in Colombo , to hasten the transfer of an elephant from its inadequate housing at the Manila Zoo to a humane sanctuary.
Subsequently , Vietnam Airlines organized a similar but more complicated deal with TEA Basle , who spent the rest of 1991 negotiating a deal with US authorities.
In early 1986 , the Hammond brand and rights were acquired by Hammond Organ Australia , run by Noel Crabbe ..
In 1953 , a village in Israel , <unk> Ida , was named in her honor to recognize her years of financial and moral support , and in 1954 , she was honored as Rhode Island Mother of the Year.
" Though Bird later left Boycott out of his choice XI , he would write : " of all the great players I have seen , if I had to pick a batsman to bat for my life , I would go for Geoffrey.
The initial cast was to feature Chevy Chase as Otter , Bill Murray as Boon , Brian Doyle @-@ Murray as Hoover , Dan Aykroyd as D @-@ Day , and John Belushi as Bluto , but only Belushi wanted to do it.
Scully finds that handprints on Owen 's neck belong to Simon Gates , a rich and powerful executive ..
It peaked as a Category 4 hurricane with winds of 155 mph ( 250 km / h ).
William Stacy ( February 15 , 1734 – August 1802 ) was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and a pioneer to the Ohio Country.
It also portrayed detectives as solving cases primarily through physical evidence , witnesses and confessions , not by investigating motives like on many other police shows.
However , Ignacio still brought high waves and light rainfall to the islands.
In his 11 @-@ year career , Lavelli caught 386 passes for 6 @,@ 488 yards and 62 touchdowns.
The environmental group Greenpeace became involved with the opposition movement in October 1989.
The asymmetry is probably caused by the higher velocity and frequency of impacts on the leading hemisphere , which excavate a bright material ( probably ice ) from the interior of the moon.
During dryer years when less fresh water flows to the coast , mangroves will appear among fresh water plants.
It was also an improvement of over 1 @.@ 7 million over the previous episode , " Raised by Another ".
Jerry began to intensify on October 15 and soon became a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale.
The Young Avengers series , which debuted in 2005 , featured two gay teenager major characters , Hulkling and Wiccan , from its inception.
" Conversely , Peter Travers of Rolling Stone was enthusiastic.
" Elba is the second actor from The Wire to appear on The Office , after actress Amy Ryan , who played Michael 's love interest Holly Flax.
Moe 's Tavern , renamed " Flaming Moe 's " , soon becomes one of the trendiest nightspots in Springfield and Aerosmith 's new hangout.
" The office was not created with any legislation , and there are no provisions describing its precise mandate.
When Lady returns from a fifteen @-@ week hospital stay , she abandons Lad to play with their son Wolf , whom she no longer recognizes.
Nickelodeon assigned a team of producers to create a new U.S. television program for young children in mid @-@ 1994 using research on early childhood education and the viewing habits of preschoolers.
Some students have additional disabilities such as autistic spectrum disorder and other medical needs.
This is one of the band 's most popular songs ..
In 2010 , the band announced a 22 @-@ show North American tour to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Rust in Peace.
His estimate that writing his " big book " would take five years was optimistic ..
No. 1 EFTS 's complement of aircraft was augmented on 20 April with the arrival of six de Havilland Tiger Moths ..
With its timeslot dominated by the Dancing With the Stars season finale , Fringe attracted an estimated 8 @.@ 73 million viewers , down from the previous week 's audience of 9 @.@ 36 million.
He had a quick wit , and was able to speak eloquently and extemporaneously on almost any topic.
The first ad compared the Double Supreme cheeseburger to the Big Mac , with one 30 @-@ second television spot touting the Burger King product contained 75 % more beef than the McDonald 's one and asked the viewer if Big Mac lovers were " ready for a new relationship ? " A second advertisement featured actors playing McDonald 's employees going to Burger King to get the new sandwich because they had realized that they preferred the Burger King product over the sandwich they normally sold.
Peters ' next studio album , in 2002 , Bernadette Peters Loves Rodgers and Hammerstein , consisted entirely of Rodgers and Hammerstein songs , including two that she often sings in her concerts , " Some Enchanted Evening " and " There Is Nothin ' Like a Dame ".
To the south of the ante @-@ room is the drawing room.
" To that end , Grant pitted Anarky against Etrigan and Darkseid with the intention of providing a setting for a series of dialogues on the topic ..
With RadioShack – Nissan 's Tiago Machado being the best @-@ placed rider of the group at almost six minutes down on overall leader Bradley Wiggins ( Team Sky ) , Wiggins ' team @-@ mates were leading the peloton around four minutes down on the lead group.
He was loaned out to Hereford United and Southport , and joined the latter permanently in 2014.
Another add @-@ on , the " Super Secret DLC " package part of a cross @-@ promotion with Overkill Software 's Payday 2 ; the Payday @-@ inspired content for Goat Simulator included additional playable characters including a camel , flamingo , and a dolphin in a wheelchair , while Goat Simulator content will be added to Payday 2.
The tunnel also contains several pull @-@ outs , which are reserved for disabled vehicles.
" Two versions of the song were crafted ; the first was released on Zooropa , and the second , almost two minutes longer and featuring " an edgier guitar and drum performance , " was included on the Faraway , So Close ! soundtrack.
Halo 2 is a 2004 first @-@ person shooter video game developed by Bungie Studios.
The concerts would have commenced on July 13 , 2009 , and finished on March 6 , 2010.
Nonetheless , his greatest recognition came for his defense ..
Some dictionaries include almost one @-@ seventh of all characters in this list ..
After two games , he was sent back to the Moose on 23 January.
Alfonsín also ordered the initiation of judicial cases against guerrilla leaders Mario Firmenich , Fernando Vaca <unk> , Ricardo Obregón Cano , Rodolfo <unk> , Roberto <unk> , Héctor Pardo and Enrique Gorriarán Merlo ; and military leaders Jorge Videla , Emilio Massera , Orlando <unk> , Roberto Viola , Armando <unk> , Omar <unk> , Leopoldo <unk> , Jorge Anaya and Basilio Dami <unk>.
" It Takes Two " , a solo for Link , was moved from its place in the stage musical ( on Tracy 's first day on The Corny Collins Show ) to an earlier Corny Collins scene , although only the coda of the song is used in the final release print , and the song 's background music can be heard immediately after the reprise of " The Nicest Kids in Town ".
The IDA is the single largest provider of funds to economic and human development projects in the world 's poorest nations.
While the start of the battle is usually regarded as the beginning of Operation Typhoon on 30 September 1941 ( or sometimes on 2 October 1941 ) , there are two different dates for the end of the offensive.
Sea level here has not risen significantly in the last 6 @,@ 000 years.
" The New York Post 's Kyle Smith gave the film a negative review , criticizing the shortage of car @-@ related action before the finale and calling it less a " <unk> " and more a " knucklehead Ocean 's Eleven ".
" Dark Fantasy " is a song by American hip hop recording artist and producer Kanye West from his fifth studio album , My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy ( 2010 ).
The District was established as a separate company to enable funds to be raised independently of the Met ..
The normal pressure level used for launch ( 2 psi ( 14 kPa ) above ambient ) created sufficient force to prevent removing the cover until the excess pressure was vented.
He co @-@ authored , with Charles B. Curtis , " <unk> Oil Forever , " the cover story of the April 1996 issue of the Atlantic Monthly , which predicted higher oil prices within a decade and discussed alternative energy strategies.
After being hospitalized in August 1971 , doctors requested that he stop touring indefinitely.
During the Great Depression , the company became the first ice cream maker to offer its products in pre @-@ packaged pints.
Despite this , Janez Gorišek is said to have made plans for a 300 m ( 980 ft ) hill in Planica , albeit put on hold until the FIS rules are again changed.
By the third day , dinner contains the full calorie quota and is a standard ketogenic meal ( not " eggnog " ).
The sub @-@ committee recommended the continuation of English and Hindi as joint link languages and was not in favour of either quota system or use of regional languages in public services exams.
These were " Passenger " and " Pick You Up " , both performed on 11 October 1998 at Sydney Opera House.
Thus it is the only promethium isotope with an experimentally observed alpha decay.
" She also stated that although the song is not " groundbreaking " it is " a lively and exuberant track that people are bound to bop away to ".
He helped found a hospital and a priory , and died in 1234 after a months @-@ long illness ..
The photo was taken during a photoshoot with Klein for Interview magazine 's April 2008 issue ..
This was reflected in trade publications changing their names : the Ice Trade Journal , for example , retitled itself the Refrigerating World ..
" In the subsequent press conference , Reutimann stated , " My team did a good job , because I was only in the second half of practice , and they had to work with two different drivers , so the credit all goes to my team.
Like several other red @-@ pored boletes , it stains blue when bruised or cut.
Edwin Booth 's Hamlet at the Fifth Avenue Theatre in 1875 was described as " … the dark , sad , dreamy , mysterious hero of a poem.
It introduced several new weapons , new non @-@ player characters , both friendly and hostile and new , previously unseen areas of the facility.
Thomas described Amanda Seyfried , who portrayed the murdered Lilly Kane , as " the biggest surprise of the year ".
Both factors increase the rate of fusion thus moving the equilibrium towards a smaller , denser , hotter core producing more energy whose increased outflow pushes the higher layers further out.
It was built so that wheat farmers from the northern side could access the South Australian Company 's flour mill which stood where the Hackney Hotel was later built.
" Back to the Pilot " was broadcast on November 13 , 2011 , as a part of an animated television night on Fox , preceded by The Simpsons and Allen Gregory and followed by Family Guy MacFarlane 's second show , American Dad !.
Max Nevill of Game @-@ OST was also mixed , feeling that the album was too much like previous Tales scores by Sakuraba.
A job system and character abilities related to them form a key part of the system ..
Warrior was placed in ordinary again from 1872 to 1875 and was modified with a poop deck.
All states in the program require physicians to report pesticide @-@ related injuries and illnesses ; however , most states collect the majority of their data from workers ’ compensation claims , poison control centers , and state agencies with jurisdiction over pesticide use , such as state departments of agriculture.
The inaugural flying course commenced in January 1923.
According to Rosen , " This settlement is a satisfactory ending to what was a very complex set of issues.
On May 16 , 2015 , Jackson announced plans to release a new album and to embark on a world concert tour.
During the same period , Niketas entered in the service of the Byzantines , and would later appear as one of the Byzantine generals at the Battle of Yarmouk during the Arab – Byzantine wars ..
Komara terms Johnson 's guitar playing a " blues harp style ".
The English managed to subdue the country by other means , however.
Major companies in the city are Reliance Industries , Alstom , ITI Limited , Areva , <unk> , Dey 's Medical , Food Corporation of India , Raymond Synthetics , Triveni Sheet Glass , Schneider Electric India Ltd , Triveni <unk> , EMC Power Ltd , Steel Authority of India , HCL Technologies , Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative ( <unk> ) , <unk> Laboratories , <unk> Industries , Hindustan Cable , Indian Oil Corporation Ltd , <unk> <unk> and Hindustan Laboratories.
" Reaganing " was filmed on September 14 , and September 20 , 2010 ..
In addition to the show ring and endurance riding , where she sometimes rode her own horses , she also tested her horses on the race track.
The only background information presented about Chell is given by GLaDOS ; the credibility of these facts , such as Chell being adopted , an orphan , and having no friends , is questionable at best , as GLaDOS is a liar by her own admission.
The plaza , also known as Lippmann Arcade , is a pedestrian walkway that leads to a municipal parking lot and several bus stops on 39th Avenue ..
In the episode 's closing moments , Puck and Shelby kiss ..
The bridge , along with the aging Wheeling Suspension Bridge , are the only two road links from Wheeling Island to downtown Wheeling.
Brian Lowry of Variety praised the series ' promise , and said that the series has a Glee @-@ like element in the script , while also criticizing Michalka and acclaiming O 'Grady 's performance.
Milder forms may not cause any muscle symptoms , and the diagnosis is based on abnormal blood tests in the context of other problems.
It was popularly believed that if a couple had sexual intercourse near the stone ( something that Gerald said happened " frequently " ) , it would " sweat large drops of water " and the woman would not become pregnant.
They also gathered at the hotel at which the BYU President was staying at one point , carrying signs saying : " Conversion is Murder ! " and " Mormons , stop your mission now ".
In Monte Cristi , heavy rainfall caused flooding in various low @-@ lying districts , with over 200 people affected in the coastal portion of the province.
That song 's melody was inspired by Charles Penrose 's 1922 song " The Laughing Policeman " , written by Penrose under the pseudonym of Charles Jolly.
This Bronze Age community and installations at Euonymeia are thought to have had close links to the central palatial authority in Athens , possibly supplying the sails and ropes for the 50 ships that Athens is said to have contributed to the Trojan war ..
As part of his command duties , Howe was chosen by Washington as president of the court – martial convened to determine the propriety of General Benedict Arnold 's conduct while serving as the commandant of Philadelphia in 1778 and 1779.
On the Rap Songs chart , the song debuted at number 25 in the issue dated June 23 , 2012 , and peaked at number 15 in the issue dated August 11 , 2012.
Hurricane Babe was the second named storm and the first to impact the United States during the below @-@ average 1977 Atlantic hurricane season.
Katherine Gustafson of <unk> thought the building " succeeds as a monumental edifice befitting its place in the urban frame of the National Mall " while Nathan Guttman of The Jewish Daily Forward described the headquarters as an " architectural gem.
Snakes are dealt more blows and even bites , and may be consumed even as they are moving.
On its seventh frame , the song moved 2 @-@ 1 ( peak audience impressions of 159 million ) and became Perry 's sixth number one on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay , as well as becoming her fastest climb to the top position ..
It is located on Pamban Island separated from mainland India by the Pamban channel and is about 50 kilometres from Mannar Island , Sri Lanka.
It was opened on 4 March 1890 , and spans a total length of 2 @,@ 528 @.@ 7 metres ( 8 @,@ 296 ft ).
This is the first instance of park land being set aside specifically for preservation and public use by action of the U.S. federal government , and set a precedent for the 1872 creation of Yellowstone as the first national park.
In the Northern and Western Isles the sites of Iron Age Brochs and wheel houses continued to be occupied , but were gradually replaced with less imposing cellular houses.
William gave a more nuanced picture of the kings of his own day.
At first , the creators of Sesame Street addressed " affective goals " indirectly , believing that focusing on cognitive and educational goals would naturally increase children 's self @-@ esteem and feelings of competency.
She was also a one @-@ time TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion , with Brooke Tessmacher , collectively known as TnT ..
After inheriting a baronetcy he joined the Army and saw service in South Africa , Egypt and the Sudan ; he served with distinction and rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Her father sold his ancestral land to educate her , and worked double shifts to continue to pay for her schooling.
Strange Journey released on October 8 , 2009 in Japan , and March 23 , 2010 in North America.
The route he intended to take included southern Germany , the Austrian Netherlands , Paris , Switzerland and possibly northern Italy.
From his base on Guadeloupe , he dealt largely with many of the refugee planters who escaped the previous years ' carnage.
Big up tempos , R & B and Pop at it 's [ sic ] best and two big ballads " ..
A 2007 study conducted by researchers from the Australian National University showed that white @-@ browed <unk> ( <unk> frontalis ) nestlings became silent when they heard the recorded sound of a pied currawong walking through leaf litter ..
" Alongside the betrayal of her lover , the lyrics also talk about Madonna trying to understand the reasons behind adultery.
With the ship virtually unmanageable , Lacrosse ordered the anchors lowered in an attempt to hold the ship in position until repairs could be made.
For example , the classifier 匹 pǐ used for horses is meaningless today , but in Classical Chinese may have referred to a " team of two horses " , a pair of horse skeletons , or the pairing between man and horse.
" " Kaleidoscope " arose when Hoppus woke up with the song 's opening lyrics in his head , which he expanded into a Descendents @-@ ish classic punk song.
It contains three open flowers ; one white with a ruby jewel , another red with a sapphire , and one gray @-@ blue with a pearl.
It makes use of everyday items as props , such as cards , coins , rubber bands , paper , phones and even <unk>.
Inoculation , an early form of immunization , was introduced into England during the reign of George I , who had put a definite end to the royal touch in his kingdom.
It included on the live album , released on August 18 , 2010.
The report heavily criticized Reagan for not properly supervising his subordinates or being aware of their actions.
The main antagonist of the Mario series , Bowser , tries to collect the Crystal Stars before Mario does instead of directly opposing Mario.
The organisation of women in the Liberal Party in Wales began around 1890 supported by prominent members Gwyneth Vaughan , Nora Phillips and Sybil Thomas.
Star Trek : Insurrection is a 1998 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures.
Also according to Cipriano , Tierney indicated that if Cipriano was involved in any story about the Archdiocese of Philadelphia , Tierney would start a public relations campaign to ruin Cipriano and The Philadelphia Inquirer , a charge that Tierney denies ..
Györffy writes that Stephen and his wife " presumably " settled in Nyitra after their marriage ..
Despite the injury , Bure was allowed to play the next night against the Sharks.
Marojejy National Park is a national park in the Sava Region of northeastern Madagascar.
On 10 May 1943 , Oberstleutnant ( Lieutenant Colonel ) Heinz , commander of the 4th Regiment of the Brandenburg Division , met Đurišić at Kolašin with the intent of engaging him to help the Germans against the Partisans.
Another strong influence on him was José Manuel Fortuny , a well @-@ known Guatemalan communist , who was one of his main advisers during his government.
The cyclone killed at least 128 people in India , with hundreds remaining unaccounted for , and damage was estimated at RS $ 1 @.@ 1 billion ( US $ 32 @.@ 2 million ).
On 28 September , Körös , along with the monitor SMS Temes , a patrol boat and a minesweeper , broke through the minefields on the Sava near Belgrade and pushed upstream to join the fighting near Šabac.
His ground crew painted a small swastika on his personal fighter aircraft in China , acknowledging his stated German kill though it was not verified.
It began weakening shortly thereafter , and on August 30 the storm became extratropical to the southeast of Newfoundland.
This allows time for the newborn to become steady on its feet before night falls and the predators become more active.
The Rocket Propulsion Establishment , based in Westcott , Buckinghamshire , was responsible for the design and integration of the stage ..
Understanding of the molecular basis of this interaction enabled the development of Fondaparinux , a synthetic form of Heparin pentasaccharide used as an anti @-@ clotting drug ..
On 22 November 1668 , Don Juan de Urtarte ( governor of the province from 9 June 1668 to 26 July 1669 ) wrote a memorandum to the King of Spain stating that Fort Santiago was unfit for defense because of its round shape and its mud and stone construction.
The Groton Monument , sometimes called the Fort Griswold Monument , is a granite monument in Groton , Connecticut.
Winthrop led the first large wave of immigrants from England in 1630 , and served as governor for 12 of the colony 's first 20 years of existence.
When his conversion became known , it was " an understandable choice to those around him " given his intellectual convictions , and that " he could not have done anything less than seek what he regarded as the most ancient , most sacramental , and highest expression of the Christian faith that forms the indisputable basis for the culture and civilization of modern Europe ".
With Gerrold on set as an extra , West used him as an unofficial advisor on matching the scenes from " The Trouble with Tribbles " ..
In addition to establishing a presence , the consulate staff were also charged with political research and developing relations with future Somali leaders ..
He retired from the United States Army in 1937 , and became a field marshal in the Philippine Army ..
Released on August 11 , 2006 , Pulse starred Bell as the lead Mattie.
In response , the Spartans summoned a large army from the Peloponnese cities and marched to meet the Persians ..
It is also inedible due to its bitter taste.
He is also a pigeon fancier and uses his carrier pigeons to relay messages between some of his contacts.
The service began operating in 1999 , using a 1913 @-@ built streetcar from San Antonio , Texas.
When they determined no one was in the farmhouse , they salvaged what furniture they could before the fire spread into the living room.
After one season , Gates tired of this type of work and he sold his interest in the threshing machine to his partner and another friend.
Contador was among the riders to crash ; although he finished the stage on the same time as Greipel , he was treated for a shoulder injury by his team doctor and was unable to put on the leader 's jersey on the podium.
Former basketball office manager Jan <unk> had gone to the newspaper claiming she had written over 400 papers for at least 20 Gopher men 's basketball players over a period of several years , ending in 1998.
A prequel to the game , Halo 3 : ODST , was released worldwide on September 22 , 2009.
He wished that the voice acting from the game 's trailer had been present within the game itself , but also said that the lack of voice acting would not keep him from wanting to play the game ..
Documenting the whole concert with intersperses of backstage footage , a video album , Up All Night : The Live Tour , was released on DVD in May 2012.
Its success led other film makers to target the non @-@ resident Indian audience , which was deemed more lucrative for them.
Previously , apprentices were trained by an intensive 3 @-@ year in @-@ house programme.
Kate Rockwell , " Klondike Kate " , for example , became a famous dancer in Dawson and remained popular in America until her death.
Road grays had " Nashville " written across the chest and were missing the tri @-@ color bands at both the neck and sleeves.
The plan called for Das Reich to attack east and south and link up with III Panzer Corps , which would attack to the northwest.
700 , Colmán in 704 and <unk> ua <unk> in 718 are recorded in the Annals of Ulster.
Although similar action would be taken against certain sports , there is no evidence of cricket having been prohibited.
Warner considered he had nevertheless bowled well but was finding it difficult to maintain his energy in the hot conditions ; his bowling lost pace and sting later in his bowling spells.
By the time Milestone and DC drafted their contract over DC distributing Milestone comics , the characters were from separate fictional universes.
He also made statutory provision to reform and promote the teaching of music , seeing the two in connection.
In second practice , Hamilton was again quickest but was also caught out again.
Hancock retired from the Air Force in May 1965 after completing his term as CAS , which the government had extended for twelve months beyond its original three years.
The video was a compilation DVD which included parts of Carey 's shows in Japan , Australia and Hawaii.
After the producers enjoyed Monaghan 's audition of Sawyer , they decided to cast him as Charlie and rewrote the script to make Charlie a young has @-@ been instead ..
To save costs , the station was situated at Gills Green , around 1 1 ⁄ 4 miles ( 2 @.@ 0 km ) from Hawkhurst village.
Shen Kuo permanently moved to the Dream Brook Estate in 1088 , and in that same year he completed his life 's written work of the Dream Pool Essays , naming the book after his garden @-@ estate property.
They were eventually done away with after the Marian reforms of 107 BC ..
The director shortened the novella 's storyline , reduced its violence , and changed the ending.
He became commander of Carrier Division 12 , flying his flag on USS Essex in August 1943 , and commander of Carrier Division 3 in March 1944 , with his flag on USS Bunker Hill.
It was used by Framingham Line trains as well as special " Fenway Flyer " baseball trains from the Attleboro ( now Providence / Stoughton ) and Franklin lines.
Richmond made his directorial debut in the show with " Argus ".
However , it failed to match the success of her previous singles , only reaching the top three in on the Ultratip chart of Belgium ( Flanders ) and in South Korea , while missing the top ten in countries such as Canada and United Kingdom.
Stage 1 from Bugis to Chinatown began operations on 22 December 2013.
Cooney also testified before Congressional hearings on children and television , starting before the show 's premiere ..
These advertisements were broadcast from October 1984 ; Coca @-@ Cola 's independently owned bottlers demanded the commercials were run in their markets as well.
The Doctor lands the TARDIS in Cardiff , using the energy of the Cardiff Rift to recharge the engines.
It could also enhance the prospect of territorial acquisition for a dynasty by procuring legal claim to a foreign throne , or portions of its realm ( e.g. , colonies ) , through inheritance from an heiress whenever a monarch failed to leave an undisputed male heir ..
Louise Bogan , writing for Nation , surmised that while " the book 's great beauties , its wonderful passages of wit , its variety , its mark of genius and immense learning are undeniable [ ... ] , to read the book over a long period of time gives one the impression of watching intemperance become addiction , become debauch " and argued that " Joyce 's delight in reducing man 's learning , passion , and religion to a hash is also disturbing.
An Act of Parliament obtained on 14 August 1850 allowed the trustees to build a pound lock at Bow tidal gates.
Her arresting gear was an unsatisfactory British longitudinal system used on the carrier Furious that relied on friction between the arrester hook and the cables.
In the entire first @-@ class tour , he scored four centuries to aggregate 1129 runs at 53 @.@ 76.
Damage was also extensive to apple and peach orchards across these areas , and agricultural damage was estimated around $ 10 million.
When this failed , it seems Sejanus turned his attention toward eliminating Drusus.
Mainz had a crew of eighteen officers and 349 enlisted men ..
The following week , it fell to number 79.
They were revealed to be the 42 @-@ gun Fortunée , the 36 @-@ gun Blanche and the 28 @-@ gun Ellis , with all three being added to the Royal Navy ..
Additionally , a concentrated population of black @-@ and @-@ white ruffed lemurs , of the subspecies Varecia variegata subcincta , can also be found on the island reserve of Nosy Mangabe in Antongil Bay.
Williams argued that there is a crucial distinction between a person being killed by Jim , and being killed by the captain because of an act or omission of Jim 's.
It was released in September 2011 to universally negative reviews from critics and Lautner 's performance was heavily criticised.
At the conclusion of the Persian wars in 299 , co @-@ emperors Diocletian and Galerius traveled from Persia to Syrian Antioch ( Antakya ).
Everything that Kratos could do in previous games , he could do on the PlayStation 3 , which allowed the developers to immediately begin designing new content.
Ryan Giggs was then introduced in place of Scholes , making a record 759th appearance for Manchester United ..
The division arrived in the European Theater of Operations in early February , coming under the command of the First Allied Airborne Army , and Major General Chapman was informed that there was a possibility that the division would be required to conduct airborne operations during the closing stages of the Battle of the Bulge.
Sony A & R manager John Watson , who was jointly responsible for signing the group , subsequently left the label to become their band manager.
Following the landing east of Lae , the 7th Division , having concentrated in Port Moresby , was flown into Nadzab following its capture by the US 503rd Parachute Infantry Regiment ( 503rd PIR ) on 5 September.
That day , in front of Mike Krzyzewski and ESPN2 's national audience , Okafor 's Whitney Young beat Jones ' Apple Valley 80 – 70.
ESPN ranked him # 7 , but they listed him as a point guard.
Taylor had not told Clough that he was writing the book and did not give him a share of the proceeds ..
Although this criticism is directed against a cosmological argument , similar to that of Samuel Clarke in his first Boyle Lecture , it has been applied to ontological arguments as well ..
The additional weight of the 340 mm turrets compared to the 305 mm ( 12 @.@ 0 in ) of the Courbet @-@ class ships imposed insurmountable problems for the designers.
" Benson was also a novelist and , under his influence , the sensory , aesthetic dimension of Keable 's own writing ( and of his faith ) began to develop.
Boortz disagrees with the Libertarian Party platform on several key issues including his firm support of the war in Iraq , incremental tax reform , and his opposition to the unrestricted immigration policy advocated by the Libertarian Party ..
As a result of this incident , AL president , Ban Johnson , decreed that any pitcher in his league caught using sandpaper to alter the baseball , would be suspended for 30 days and fined $ 100.
Reviewing the song for AllMusic , Lindsay Planer highlights Harrison 's guitar contribution to this " serene rocker " and likewise acknowledges Hopkins ' " warm and soulful keyboard runs and fills ".
This is done by the use of schemas.
Attendees were eligible to win several prizes.
An on set video and stills were released on August 12 , 2009 , followed by a preview of the clip on August 27 , 2009.
Five weeks after Homer made his pledge to behave , Marge realizes that she is bored by all the sudden peace and quiet.
Boeckman Creek Primary School opened in 1990 and has 649 students , with a mascot of the Bobcats.
Series writer John Shiban felt it was natural to create an arms race @-@ like story between the United States and Russia , being that the Cold War had ended a few years earlier.
He has interviewed both sides of the story : people who left the Exclusive Brethren or were expelled from them and also , as much as possible , the current leaders of the group.
( Kennedy had been instrumental in the prior 2004 alteration of this law to prevent Governor Mitt Romney from appointing a Republican senator should John Kerry 's presidential campaign succeed.
The developers think the game 's just right ; that they 're being too soft.
The Spanish losses were 2 dead and 3 wounded , including a lieutenant ..
In the draft , Alabama tied a school record with four players selected in the first round.
Méliès 's short silent film , which has little in common with the Raspe text , follows a sleeping Baron through a surrealistic succession of intoxication @-@ induced dreams.
After his resignation , Musselman admitted to giving money to players for rent and transportation.
Following the Mongol invasion of Central Asia and the subsequent collapse of the Khwarezmian Empire , a Mongol force under the command of generals Jebe and Subutai advanced into Iraq @-@ i Ajam.
To mark the valedictory campaign titled " Highbury – The Final Salute " , the club staged many special activities on matchdays " ... to celebrate the many great players and moments that this fantastic stadium has witnessed.
In addition to the halls of residence , the college also owns several houses both on and off campus which enable students to gain a greater level of independent living.
The children in the kindergarten modelled for the Flower Fairies until the kindergarten closed in 1940.
Thus when the Panic of 1857 destroyed his investment fortune , Little was left penniless.
Many other , possibly less scientifically based explanations of the German name exist.
While there , Bond witnesses a mysterious nurse named Fatima Blush giving a sadomasochistic beating to a patient in a nearby room.
Other mammals sharing the range of the camas pocket gopher ( and , possibly , its tunnels ) include the vagrant shrew , Townsend 's mole , the brush rabbit , the eastern cottontail rabbit , Townsend 's chipmunk , the California ground squirrel , the dusky @-@ footed <unk> , the North American deermouse , the creeping vole , Townsend 's vole , the Pacific jumping mouse , the long @-@ tailed weasel and the striped skunk ..
Throughout the Riverina in early 1931 , a series of rallies were organised by the movement , culminating in a great meeting in Wagga Wagga on 28 February 1931.
Her masts and rigging were replaced and most of the ship 's crew with time remaining on their enlistments were transferred to other ships in the squadron.
Chinese athletes last competed at the 1952 Summer Games but had since withdrawn from the IOC due to a dispute over Taiwan 's participation as a separate country.
The document declared opposition to the centralism , authoritarian tendencies , and militarism of the new government.
The game , held March 11 , 1914 , was ultimately played – with Irvin in the line @-@ up – and Maxwell 's speed and skating helped lead the Monarchs to a 6 – 2 victory.
From the early 12th century , French builders developed the Gothic style , marked by the use of rib vaults , pointed arches , flying buttresses , and large stained glass windows.
To create the effect , Baker used a gelatin head with a wax skull and fake blood inside , which burst out upon impact ..
<unk> Basri of the University of California , Berkeley , even mentioned that " no one [ has ] found any showstoppers to habitability.
The split between the two houses meant that there would be a roll @-@ call vote of the two houses in joint convention the following day.
Christianity is the religion with the largest following in the area and there is a higher than average percentage of retired people in residence ..
Nina Carberry , the sister of 1999 winner Paul Carberry , became the first female jockey to take a third ride in the Grand National.
In the events immediately before the game , LeChuck kidnaps Elaine.
In 2009 , " Only Happy When it Rains " was featured as a playable song in the videogame Guitar Hero 5.
People whose CT scan shows a large hematoma , depressed level of consciousness or focal neurologic symptoms may benefit from urgent surgical removal of the blood or occlusion of the bleeding site.
Jamie King was chosen as tour director.
Earthworms make a significant contribution to soil fertility.
Although Poedjangga Baroe 's writers were united by nationalism , they had different views on traditional culture.
Additionally , offshore waves reached immense heights , measured up to 83 @.@ 6 ft ( 25 @.@ 5 m ) ; one buoy reported a wave of 92 ft ( 28 m ) but data is subject to further analysis to verify it ..
In Garibaldi Provincial Park in Southwestern British Columbia over 505 km2 ( 195 sq mi ) , or 26 % , of the park , was covered by glacier ice at the beginning of the 18th century.
This is mostly due to her appearance , which is often described as terrible and fearsome.
Dr. Melfi is convinced by friends that Tony is making no progress and may even be using talking therapy for his own sociopathic benefit.
The episode also marks the eighth appearance of Lindsey Broad , who plays Cathy , Pam 's replacement during her maternity leave.
Fronted by a pair of cast iron gates made by the Saracen Foundry of Glasgow , it contains the <unk> Stream , a tributary of the River Tone , which flows through the 7 @.@ 5 hectares ( 19 acres ) park , which is located near the centre of the town.
One block east of Herricks Road , CR 101 intersects with Old Searingtown Road , a former alignment of the current CR 101 alignment.
Louise was encouraged to give out as much as was in her means , although she often got into trouble with her grandmother for donating too much for charity.
The set was lined with window paneling backed by red lights , which would blink intermittently during red @-@ alert status.
In August 2009 , Alice in Chains won the Kerrang ! Icon Award ..
Once in the neighborhood , the Saw Mill River flows through a Yonkers sewage treatment plant , the other impoundment of the river.
Using the Hunterian transliteration system , it is written as Tulsidas or <unk> reflecting the vernacular pronunciation ( since the written Indian languages maintain the vestigial letters that are no longer pronounced ).
According to the Church of Scientology , Hubbard 's decision to drop out of university was not the result of educational failure on his part , but was instead because he found that " beyond a basic methodology , university offered nothing.
Before the advent of electrically powered refrigeration , salting was one of the main methods of food preservation.
On 2 December , a Fokker <unk> , PH @-@ <unk> <unk> of KLM , diverted to Lympne following an engine failure.
The two managed to gain commissions for several jobs , but their relationship was terminated when Dibnah was called upon to undertake another six months of National Service ..
From 1958 to 1972 the State University of New York owned 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 Thurlow Terrace as their central administration , prior to moving to One Commerce Plaza ..
Hip hop artists began wearing grills in the early 1980s ; New Yorker Eddie Plein , owner of Eddie 's Gold Teeth , is often credited with starting the trend.
Music for the game was composed by Simon Viklund and consists largely of remixed versions of the original music.
At the bridge , Cambridge made a push and increased their rating to 40 strokes per minute , sustaining the drive for three minutes and overtaking Oxford , passing the finishing post by a margin of two @-@ thirds of a length.
The turret armor was strengthened to 10 inches ( 254 mm ) , while 4 inches ( 102 mm ) were added to portions of the deck armor.
Richard Price described the collapsed building in his novel Lush Life , writing that , after the demolition , only the rear wall with a Star of David in stained glass remained : " The candlesticks were standing up in the rubble , and the whole place looked like an experimental stage set — like Shakespeare in the Park.
The result of this battle forced Nabis , the tyrant of Sparta , to abandon the surrounding land and withdraw to the city of Sparta.
" Billy gasped for air , and someone else heard him say , " Go away and let me die.
A production called The Tempest : A Musical was produced at the Cherry Lane Theatre in New York City in December 2006 , with a concept credited to Thomas Meehan and a script by Daniel <unk> ( who also wrote the songs ) and Ryan Knowles.
Dutch schools taught a romanized script ( <unk> writing ) , which transcribed the Siraya language.
On January 1 , 1800 Hudson and his family left Goshen for the township , their new permanent residence.
" This is me going into the studio and recording and writing whatever I want , " Mars said confidently.
That aspect of both his films just sucked.
<unk> methods have reduced emissions since then , but as of 2005 the primary release of technetium @-@ 99 into the environment is by the Sellafield plant , which released an estimated 550 TBq ( about 900 kg ) from 1995 – 1999 into the Irish Sea.
Still , he strongly suggested Patton apologize to all involved.
Dickinson insisted that they find a replacement for the now retired Martin Birch , the band 's regular producer , and record in a different studio than the one in which they made No Prayer for the Dying and Fear of the Dark , to which Harris agreed.
Crosetti comforts Thormann 's wife Eva ( Edie Falco ) , but is privately told by Dr. Eli <unk> ( Sean Whitesell ) that Thormann may be blind or mentally disabled , even if he survives.
The sculptures on the West front have been interpreted as representing " spiritual ascent through the virtue of humility and descent through the vice of pride " and Christ as the Man of Sorrow and the Antichrist.
The pouch tow has a narrow extension to accommodate a cleaning rod.
Opposite the de Young stands the California Academy of Sciences , a natural history museum that also hosts the Morrison Planetarium and <unk> Aquarium.
One of the best @-@ known applications of the pure elements the use of rubidium and caesium in atomic clocks , of which caesium atomic clocks are the most accurate and precise representation of time.
Launching 150 yards ( 140 m ) from the stranded craft , three assault boats set out and over the course of two hours ferried the survivors back to the landing craft , which then set out for Soraken , arriving there at 4 : 30 am on 11 June.
Many of these face extinction if Britain fails to honour its treaty obligations.
During a meeting of British and Greek military and political leaders in Athens on 13 January 1941 , General Alexandros Papagos — Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of the Hellenic Army — asked Britain for nine fully equipped divisions and corresponding air support.
This neat division , however , has been shown to be misleading.
The following year , during Victoria 's annual holiday in continental Europe , he was presented to King Umberto I of Italy.
He judged the extra time needed to set up an inboard design at the racetrack to outweigh this small improvement.
Before the plan could be enacted , the Russian veterans broke through this new Polish line of defence.
Byzantine envoys even went to the Fatimid caliph , al @-@ Mu 'izz , and offered to renew and extend the existing truce.
Each November , the Andromedids meteor shower appears to radiate from Andromeda.
Dreadnoughts were significantly larger — and correspondingly more expensive — than the old pre @-@ dreadnought battleships.
He returned to the Yorkshire team to play Middlesex at Sheffield on 16 August.
During their time together , Shulk successfully awakens Fiora 's memories , and learns that another being was controlling her body.
The ribbon 's function has been the subject of much debate by art historians ; suggestions include an allusion to the fetters used by Cupid to bind lovers , that it was used to hang the mirror , and that it was used to blindfold Venus moments before.
He finished the 2002 – 03 season with no appearances for Portsmouth and was told by manager Harry Redknapp he was surplus to requirements.
To better implement and write CSS , an experimental style sheet for Arena was developed.
Also joining from Team RadioShack were stagiaire George Bennett – signing his first professional contract – as well as Ben Hermans , Ben King , and Portuguese duo Tiago Machado , and Nelson Oliveira.
By the early 940s Constantine was an old man , perhaps more than 70 years of age.
This species is a bycatch of gillnet , bottom trawl , and deep @-@ set pelagic longline fisheries ( particularly those targeting tuna ) in many parts of its range.
He retrieves the anti @-@ virus , but is ambushed and killed by a Licker as the survivors watch on a security monitor.
The economic downturn following the end of the Napoleonic Wars in the early 19th century resulted in increasing numbers of unemployed.
She perceived his behavior as " erratic " and that the girls were " sullen and submissive.
A Deinosuchus osteoderm from the San Carlos Formation was also reported in 2006 , so the giant crocodilian 's range may have included parts of northern Mexico.
She incorporated R & B , pop and hip hop into her music.
Less than a fifth of the patronage travels to Bergen , and Førde even experiences some leakage by people driving to Bergen Airport directly ..
Starting pitcher Brett Myers was 3 for 3 at the plate , driving in three runs to help his own cause.
Sutter also became the team 's general manager following the season , and is credited with revitalizing the franchise.
While this correspondence was taking place , another issue arose when , in early 1644 , a publication entitled A Short Story of the Rise , reign and ruin of the Antinomians , Familists & Libertines that infected the Churches of New England ... was published in London.
Zuikaku and her escorts turned towards Rabaul while Shōkaku headed for Japan ..
Bob Barr was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1994 as part of the Republican Revolution.
Perry begins to sing the song to Alexander before he flees the altar.
Similarly , the predictions of general relativity must also be checked with experiment , and Einstein himself devised three tests now known as the classical tests of the theory :.
The controversy received national coverage when it was written about in the Los Angeles Times.
However in 2012 , the Harper government publicly rejected the bid , saying the redesigned Arrow program was risky , would take too long to develop , and would be too expensive ..
As the song begins , Spears declares , " ' Never look back ' , we said / How was I to know I 'd miss you so ? / Loneliness up ahead , <unk> behind / Where do I go ? " During the chorus , she realizes that she has lost her true love , stating , " From the bottom of my broken heart , even though time may find me somebody new / You were my real love , I never knew love , till there was you.
Derek Germano of The Cinema Laser wrote that " Walker 's creepy musical score is really a winner , and is one of the things that will help to make Final Destination a minor genre classic a few years down the road " ..
Outside of its diminishing habitat and other threats , the ring @-@ tailed lemur reproduces readily and has fared well in captivity.
No General Reserve positions existed in the new structure , and reserve members discharged or posted to reserve units ..
Roger Ebert gave a mixed reaction , " Despite the emotional potential in the story , it didn 't much move me.
Several theories have been proposed as to why this specific subject – not a very common theme in art history – was chosen.
As he is executive producer of Being Human , he was pleased he only had to write the episode and not worry about the other aspects of production.
The sound mixing process was supervised by A. Krishnan and Siva Ram.
Columbia studio executive John <unk> remembered , " If we knew it was going to cost that much , we wouldn 't have greenlighted it because we didn 't have the money.
December 2013 was the highest level recorded at Bradford on Avon when the level reached 3 @.@ 42 metres ( 11 @.@ 2 ft ) with a normal range at the monitoring station being 1 @.@ 01 metres ( 3 ft 4 in ) to 1 @.@ 40 metres ( 4 ft 7 in ).
Director Vaughan had initially prepared the faculty for fewer incoming contracts as the Georgia General Assembly had cut the station 's appropriation by 40 % , but increased support from industry and government eventually compensated for lower state funding.
Scholars such as <unk> Kuban describe Fatimid architecture as " inventive more in decoration than in broad architectural concept " , although he acknowledges that the Fatimids contributed to a distinct style of mosque.
Though the ditty was long , the audience would have been well content to hear it all over again.
The small Carl Rosa Opera Company toured constantly , but the Covent Garden company visited only those few cities with theatres big enough to accommodate it.
Having finished law school in Zagreb and earned a doctorate degree , he became the Minister of Justice and Finance in the Kingdom of Montenegro in 1909.
In order to get a shot of Pam and Jim looking into the camera , Greg Daniels restaged the scene four years after " Niagara " had been filmed.
The song was written and co @-@ produced by Nikesha Briscoe and Rafael Akinyemi of the production team , The Outsyders.
Like many of their other videos , the marching band video was shot in one take ..
Tvrđa had street lights by 1717 and was the site of the first public water supply in Croatia , opened in 1751 ..
Charles W. Hughes believed the book was begun around the turn of the 17th century - a hypothesis rejected by Jorgens who notes that it contains works by Henry Lawes , born in 1596.
This etymological explanation would have parallels with the name of a similar hooded horse tradition found in Ireland and the Isle of Man , which is known in the former as the <unk> <unk> and in the latter as the <unk> Vane , in both cases meaning " White Mare ".
The first stage , opened by 1972 , began west of Maidstone and passed south of Essex , where it then routed along Malden Road to its former alignment ( now Essex County Road 34 ).
At the front , Alesi was lapping faster than Schumacher , even though Schumacher was on dry tyres.
Female virtue was tied to literary knowledge in the 17th century , leading to a demand for Murasaki or Genji inspired artifacts , known as genji @-@ e.
His efforts led to calls for him to start taking his bowling seriously , instead of simply jogging in releasing the ball , especially from former South African representative Bob Crisp.
Erhard wrote a foreword to the book.
Knight said that pilot @-@ engineers flew in a way that was " more mechanical than it is flying , " and gave this as the reason why some pilot @-@ engineers got into trouble : their flying skills did not come naturally ..
Following the rebels ' rout at Deir al @-@ Ghusun on 14 July , Ibrahim Pasha 's troops proceeded to Nablus unhindered , passing through Arraba , the loyalist stronghold of the Abd al @-@ Hadi family , and then through Sanur , the throne village of the Jarrar clan.
Godfrey Evans , who kept wickets in the previous Ashes series , also gained Test selection.
A German bombing campaign in September 1917 led to the disused platform being used as storage for around 300 paintings from the National Gallery from then until December 1918 ..
Gobo patterns are projected from the towers onto the midway and buildings.
Rockwell was perceived as apolitical , but advocated " tolerance for differences , courtesy , kindness , and the freedoms that FDR articulated ".
Before 3 CE , the course of the Yellow River had emptied into the Bohai Sea at Tianjin , but the gradual buildup of silt in its riverbed — which raised the water level each year — overpowered the dikes built to prevent flooding and the river split in two , with one arm flowing south of the Shandong Peninsula and into the East China Sea.
Cyrus puts down her jacket , guitar case , suitcase and boots , and continues onwards with only her guitar strapped to her shoulder.
This was deemed necessary after the Russian battleship Tsesarevich was thought to have survived a Japanese torpedo hit during the Russo – Japanese War by virtue of her heavy internal bulkhead.
Crook described the bed as being " medieval to the point of acute discomfort " ..
For a charity auction , T @-@ shirts bearing the phrase " Everybody Lies " were sold for a limited time starting on April 23 , 2007 , on <unk> Proceeds from sales of those shirts and others with the phrase " Normal 's Overrated " went to the National Alliance on Mental Illness ( NAMI ).
After an overhaul and training at Pearl Harbor , Lamson joined the 7th Fleet in October 1944.
TowerFall was released June 25 , 2013 as an Ouya exclusive.
The guns could engage targets out to 12 @,@ 200 m ( 40 @,@ 000 ft ).
West raps in a flow similar to that of rapper Nas , commenting about the women who have wronged him in the past and his struggles with religion.
Researchers use clues such as these to determine whether prints were frequently reprinted — a sign of the print 's popularity.
Although David did not like Minton 's black and white drawings , she described his jacket design as " stunning ".
It was viewed by 8 @.@ 3 million households , making it the most viewed episode of the first season.
It used a kerosene lamp with a gas mantle.
At the same time the Kejache were becoming important intermediaries between the Itza and Yucatán.
Hamilton led easily to the finish , although Piquet kept within six seconds of him.
Frantz , Harrison , and Weymouth disputed Byrne and Eno 's attempt to claim sole credits , especially for a process they had partly funded.
Nearby U.S. Marine listening posts heard " clanking " sounds , human voices , and other noises before withdrawing to the west bank of the creek.
In television films , he played Mr. Bearing , the father of ovarian cancer patient Vivian Bearing , played by Emma Thompson in Mike Nichols 's HBO film of the Pulitzer Prize @-@ winning play Wit ( 2001 ) ; and the Director opposite John Gielgud ( Gielgud 's last role ) and Rebecca Pidgeon in Catastrophe , by Samuel Beckett , directed by David Mamet as part of Beckett on Film ( 2001 ) ..
Joe Dillon , a water worker from South Boston , Massachusetts , and a devoted Celtics fan , screamed " We love ya , <unk> , " breaking the tension and the crowd went into cheers.
The year ending July 2011 saw the state ranked fourth in the nation in job creation behind Texas , California , and New York ..
The expedition became lost in the hills north of Lake Izabal and came close to starvation before they captured a Maya boy who led them to safety.
The work is a setting of Apollinaire 's play of the same name , staged in 1917.
Moral worth is far more important than high position ".
190 of 1950 , published in the same issue of <unk> Oficial , established the design of Army soldiers ’ , officers ’ and generals ’ emblems.
Spears also performed " From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " and " Born to Make You Happy " on Disney Channel in Concert in 1999.
Hosted by Don Cannon , the mixtape featured the song Darkest Hour , in which Lecrae collaborated with No Malice of Clipse.
On December 14 , 2013 at Final Battle 2013 , Hardy defeated Adam Page in a singles match , later on in the main event Hardy aided Adam Cole in retaining his title and forming a tag team with him ..
By 19 : 30 , the Grand Fleet had arrived on the scene and confronted Admiral Scheer with significant numerical superiority.
" Russian Roulette " begins with a " searing " guitar solo that later transitions into a " pulsing " beat which stays constant until the end of the song.
Shearsmith described this as a very unusual episode structure and storytelling method , but felt that , in this case , it was effective.
In exchange for agreeing to support Henry , the barons demanded that the King reissue Magna Carta and the Charter of the Forest.
The defendants were transported to San Juan , where they were prosecuted by Madrazo in a military tribunal overseen by the governor.
The warning signal for Eastern Samar was lifted early the next day ..
One contentious issue of Weston 's incarceration is that of forced medication.
The update maintains some traditional elements of the stories , such as the Baker Street address and Holmes 's adversary Moriarty.
Selecting men for office through proven merit was an ancient idea in China.
Wałęsa was an informal leader of the non @-@ governmental side in the negotiations.
After a month imprisoned in Aix , Maximilien Robespierre fell and the Reign of Terror came to an end.
In game three of the first round series against the Ottawa Senators , Hašek removed himself in the second period and was replaced by Steve Shields.
She signed with Eleven before setting off in 2002 on a backpacking trip to Europe.
These versions would be distributed with source code , and along with the original Rogue source , other developers were able to create software forks of the games , adding in new monsters , items , and gameplay features , creating several dozen variants.
The Committee set itself several rules and over the years developed many practices.
I was like , ' This is either a very elaborate prank , or this is the real deal.
" Jeffrey Nordling and Beau Mirchoff made their series debuts in this episode as well , appearing as Nick , Angie 's landscaper husband , and Danny , their " tightly @-@ wound " son , respectively.
Her coffin was surrounded by flowers and glowing tapers and was guarded by officers of the Fourth Hussars.
William J. Green became mayor in 1980 , and in 1984 W. Wilson Goode became Philadelphia 's first African @-@ American mayor.
Song portrays the character Reg Stevens , a thirteen @-@ year @-@ old orphan.
On 25 – 26 September , Thüringen and the rest of I Squadron covered an advance conducted by the second commander of the torpedo @-@ boat flotillas ( II Führer der Torpedoboote ) to the Terschelling Bank.
What will there be between us old <unk> , aside of course from happy memories of skiing tours in the long distant past [ ? ] ... Will you come to me mainly to take receipt of the promised gift I have held for you in our cellar — that long cured Westphalian ham , and those patiently waiting bottles of your favorite nectar : <unk> 1937 ? Could these things of the senses end up being all that there is between us ? I am so happy that the moment approaches , but my heart is heavy ... ".
The Downward Spiral was featured in Robert Dimery 's book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Examples of Hyderabad 's arts and crafts are housed in various museums including the Salar Jung Museum ( housing " one of the largest one @-@ man @-@ collections in the world " ) , the AP State Archaeology Museum , the Nizam Museum , the City Museum and the Birla Science Museum ..
He dubbed this process " xenochrony " ( strange <unk> ) — reflecting the Greek " <unk> " ( alien or strange ) and " <unk> " ( time ).
The Heritage team is composed of amateur and professional astronomers , as well as people with backgrounds outside astronomy , and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images.
" Your Love Is My Drug " was written by Kesha , alongside her mother Pebe Sebert and Joshua Coleman.
The Dash Dingo video game was difficult to animate , according to Hauge , as the animators had to " make it look less than The Simpsons style ".
Dwell magazine has stated that the Mountain Dwellings " stand as a beacon for architectural possibility and stylish multifamily living in a dense , design @-@ savvy city.
If they had pushed the Colonel 's candidacy they might have secured the support of the free silver men among the Cincinnati fusionists ".
At a coordination group meeting on 18 – 19 April 2007 in Liberec , the event and facility preparations were discussed.
When Des learns that he is not Bradley 's father , he tries to win Daphne back.
In the 2009 TAPPS Division I football semifinals , Mark had 102 yards on 16 carries , including two rushing touchdowns and a 33 @-@ yard receiving touchdown.
The assembly further enacted another legislative act on December 12 , 1846 , authorizing the Romney Literary Society to " establish at or near the town of Romney a Seminary of Learning for the instruction of youth in various branches of science and literature ; and the Society map appropriate to the same such portion of the property which it now has or may acquire , as it may deem expedient.
The mines dropped near the battleship were to be fitted with time @-@ delay fuses , and it was hoped that the explosions of these devices would cause Tirpitz 's captain to try to move the warship into safer waters and pass through the minefield at the fjord 's entrance.
Slant magazine writer Ed Gonzalez gave the film a two out of four star rating , saying that in Never Let Me Go the characters ' actions do not feel " appropriately warped " while the interactions between the teachers and students is not " at all rife with the what @-@ are @-@ they @-@ thinking @-@ about @-@ us mystery of the book ".
Back from their meeting with Dow , Don and Roger arrive to a nearly empty office.
He then scored against Ajax in a 3 – 1 loss in the UEFA Champions League.
However , a number of them were of a more permanent design , possessing considerable fortifications and garrisoned by significant numbers of troops.
During the Wishmaster World Tour , Turunen met Argentine businessman Marcelo Cabuli whom she married in 2003 ..
At most , he concluded , the Germans would take 60 hours to reach the Meuse and take one day to cross it.
Operating between 1989 and 2004 , the company operated Britten @-@ Norman Islander , Embraer 110 and Saab 340 aircraft.
Calder receives letters from his best friend Tommy Segovia , who is currently living in New York City with a new stepfather ..
Apt Pupil was considered a critical and commercial disappointment.
After a gestation period of 112 to 158 days , the female gives birth in mid @-@ June to late July to one to four blind and deaf cubs weighing 110 to 130 g ( 3 @.@ 9 to 4 @.@ 6 oz ) each ..
After the Union of England and Scotland in 1707 , Scottish peers , including those who did not sit as representative peers , were excluded from the House of Commons.
The substance is used in cryogenics , in deep @-@ sea breathing systems , to cool superconducting magnets , in helium dating , for inflating balloons , for providing lift in airships , and as a protective gas for industrial uses such as arc welding and growing silicon wafers.
The Faroes whales have also been contaminated with cadmium and mercury.
Finally , Quinn kisses Finn , telling him that his actions have reminded her of why she loved him ..
The deal guaranteed the release of at least two albums , with a $ 150 @,@ 000 budget for the first ..
Additionally , in a non @-@ first @-@ class games against Leicestershire , he scored 226 as well as taking five wickets in Leicestershire 's first innings.
It was released in Japan in June 2015 , and will release internationally in August 2016.
MacArthur formed his own signals intelligence organization , known as the Central Bureau , from Australian intelligence units and American cryptanalysts who had escaped from the Philippines.
These results were considerably different from measurements taken at wavelengths of 20 μm , which suggested that Io had similar surface properties to the other Galilean satellites.
On February 14 , Johnson recorded the final triple @-@ double of his career , when he scored 15 points , along with 10 rebounds and 13 assists in a victory against the Atlanta Hawks.
He then withdrew from the Paris Masters due to a shoulder injury , wiping out his chances of qualifying for the Year @-@ End Championships ..
Canada used 99 @.@ 9 % nickel from 1968 in its higher @-@ value coins until 2000.
" Capitalizing on the success of " Believe " , Cher 's former record company Geffen Records released the compilation album If I Could Turn Back Time : Cher 's Greatest Hits ( 1999 ) , which features the previously unreleased song " Don 't Come Cryin ' to Me ".
" A day earlier , Tyra Braden from The Morning Call wrote that she and some friends concluded that the book " might become a collector 's item a few years down the road ".
An extended Amlwch station received a canopy by 1884.
Later , in 1794 , Ranga Rao regained his property at the initiative of the Collector of the Northern Division , when <unk> Zamindari splintered.
ARIES went into storage in 2006 ..
German F @-@ 4Fs flew 279 @,@ 000 hours from entering service on 31 August 1973 until retirement ..
Most of these rituals were established at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.
By Andorran standards , qualification for the 2006 World Cup was successful.
The first six tracks were used as B @-@ sides for three of the singles released off the album , " Ex @-@ Girlfriend " , " Simple Kind of Life " and " Bathwater ".
Meanwhile , Tracy Jordan ( Tracy Morgan ) realizes that although he has two sons with his wife Angie ( Sherri Shepherd ) , what is missing from his life is a daughter.
M @-@ 98 was extended at the end of the 1940s before the whole trunkline was removed from the highway system in the 1960s.
Bruce Hindmarsh suggests that the secular popularity of " Amazing Grace " is due to the absence of any mention of God in the lyrics until the fourth verse ( by Excell 's version , the fourth verse begins " When we 've been there ten thousand years " ) , and that the song represents the ability of humanity to transform itself instead of a transformation taking place at the hands of God.
As Grossmith wrote in 1888 , " We are all a very happy family.
Although he discussed his ideas with several naturalists , he needed time for extensive research and his geological work had priority.
He admitted to being known for his frugality , due to moves such as wearing outdated clothing , and having the One Buc Place walls painted white to avoid having to spend money on projection screens.
A better understanding of the potential hazards of eating raw or undercooked shellfish has led to improved storage and processing.
The reserve attracts large numbers of visitors , contributing significantly to the economy of Cley village.
Rolling Stone named it the tenth best hip hop album of the 2013 saying , " The legendary MC explored of @-@ the @-@ moment sounds , textures and tempos in ways only he could [ ... ] Even on a bit of an off day , Jay is still plenty impressive.
Continuing westward , the depression intensified , and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Faith on the following day.
Maulay was not given back custody of Corfe , but on 29 July the royal government discharged the 7000 marks that Maulay still owed for his marriage fine.
They were designed to give 8 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 6 @,@ 000 kW ) , for a top speed of 21 @.@ 5 knots ( 39 @.@ 8 km / h ; 24 @.@ 7 mph ).
... Margaret McMillan ... had the happy idea that a breath of fresh air and an intimate acquaintance with grass and trees were worth all the pencils and desks in the whole school system.
GameSpot rated it an 8 @.@ 0 / 10 , stating that " Rock Band is still a lot of fun on the PS2 — it 's just nowhere near the ideal version of the experience.
At the start of the year Robson had reached the top 50 for the first time in her career.
As Danny , Presley exhibits improved histrionics and provides many moving and tense moments.
GameInformer , GameSpot , and Game Trailers commented on the small world , with Game Trailers panning the linear pathways and " invisible walls " which prevent exploration along with the " cut and paste " dungeons ..
Sinatra had invested a lot of his own money in upgrading the facilities at his home in anticipation of the President 's visit , fitting it with a heliport , which he later reportedly smashed up with a sledgehammer upon being rejected.
The operation against Boca Chica cost the British army 120 killed and wounded , additionally 250 died from the diseases of yellow fever and malaria , and 600 sick were hospitalized ..
However , this venom has been found to contain several enzymes useful for manufacturing drugs in the treatment of diabetes , and research on the pharmacological use of its venom is ongoing ..
The following year , the German naturalist Hermann Schlegel and Dutch naturalist François Pollen independently described the same species and coincidentally gave it the same specific name , coquereli , basing theirs on an individual from around the Bay of Ampasindava in northern Madagascar.
Schalk arranged for former Philadelphia Phillies catcher Frank <unk> to meet the team at their next game , against the New York Yankees.
Conditions in the penitentiary were poor and resulted in many illnesses.
Verity played no other representative cricket that season , but appeared once more against the Australians for H. D. G. Leveson @-@ Gower 's team which defeated the tourists by 10 wickets ..
The sexual dimorphism displayed in plumage coloration is especially pronounced after the spring molt , when the bright color of the male 's summer plumage is needed to attract a mate ..
In assessing Davies 's political career the historian Alun Morgan notes certain inconsistencies : while calling for unity among leftist factions , Davies frequently rebelled against agreed Labour Party policies.
As part of this treaty , the border town of Leticia and its surrounding area was ceded from Peru to Colombia , giving Colombia access to the Amazon River.
Crane 's was the first leading man of the company and acted in numerous productions before becoming a director at Thanhouser.
Sutherland was also nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie but once again lost to Paul Giamatti in John Adams.
Olivia , however , does not return the same feelings , so Stewie seeks advice from Brian on how to make Olivia like him.
Like other aerial birds , such as swifts and swallows , nightjars make a quick plunge into water to wash.
Although they became the first Europeans to travel the entire length of the Missouri and reach the Pacific Ocean via the Columbia , they found no trace of the Northwest Passage.
Current firms include Arbor Networks ( provider of Internet traffic engineering and security systems ) , <unk> ( provider of XML @-@ based publishing software ) , JSTOR ( the digital scholarly journal archive ) , <unk> ( provider of software and online services for the media industries ) , <unk> Health Analytics , and <unk> , which includes <unk>.
The two find that Blake had a roommate , likely the third man , but he is nowhere to be seen.
The 8 @,@ 000 Australians captured by Germany and Italy were generally treated in accordance with the Geneva Conventions.
Additionally , Rauch is equipped with a Roland GR @-@ 55 guitar synthesizer allowing him to play orchestral strings and choir sound effects , further eliminating any reliance on pre @-@ recorded tracks ..
In several controversies at court in 1653 and 1654 , the southerners formed one bloc opposed to the northerners and the Manchus.
" Single Ladies " was first parodied in the November 15 , 2008 , episode of SNL , which featured Beyoncé.
The single sold over 1 million digital copies in the United States in May 2011 , becoming Mars ' fifth consecutive million @-@ selling single as a solo and featured artist combined.
Since Glacial Lake Columbia remained filled , annual deposits ( varves ) can be observed between flood deposits.
The turbines were designed for a total of 40 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 30 @,@ 000 kW ) and gave Perseus a speed of 25 knots ( 46 km / h ; 29 mph ).
In May 1794 , Howe led the fleet to sea to search for a French grain convoy and after a month of fruitless searching , discovered that the French Atlantic Fleet under Villaret de Joyeuse had left harbour and was sailing to meet the convoy.
It was one of the first structures to be built outside the Old City of Jerusalem ( the others are <unk> Sha ’ <unk> and the Russian Compound ) and paved the way for the expansion of Jerusalem in the 19th century.
He was selected to the Major League Baseball All @-@ Star team that played a series in Japan against the Japanese all @-@ stars after the season was over.
Dark Angel returned to Stardom on August 17 to make her third successful title defense against Takumi <unk>.
At the celebratory dinner after the game , the Reading captain Gordon Cumming saw some fluted wine glasses , and voiced his admiration : " I wouldn 't mind a few of them for home " , he said.
The conning tower was positioned on top of the turret and its sides were ten layers ( 250 millimeters ( 9 @.@ 8 in ) ) thick.
Neither side had been happy with the compromise agreement , and its terms were a continuing source of friction.
With revenue of $ 783 million worldwide , it became the second highest @-@ grossing film in 2004.
The young may be fed by the parents for up to 54 days after fledging , and can fly at 50 – 70 days.
Within a few weeks meetings had been held throughout Manchester and Salford , culminating in a conference on 3 November attended by the provisional committee and members of the various Ward Committees.
The album artwork consisted of a collage of the album covers , housed in a gold box , it also included a Parental Advisory sticker due to the inclusion of the albums Erotica ( 1992 ) and American Life ( 2003 ).
High winds cut telephone and telegraph lines for several days.
In 923 , Kourkouas was appointed commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the Byzantine armies along the eastern frontier , facing the Abbasid Caliphate and the semi @-@ autonomous Muslim border emirates.
The tax @-@ driven nature of investment in the sector made it vulnerable to policy changes and court rulings interpreting tax law.
Critical response to The Downward Spiral has generally been favorable , and retrospective reviews regard it as one of the most important albums of the 1990s.
The Hokies were forced to punt , and Louisville began its first drive of the fourth quarter.
In Hawaiian mythology , the peaks of the island of Hawaiʻi are sacred.
Henry 's crossing of the English Channel in 1485 was without incident.
Parker caught an eight @-@ yard pass from Druckenmiller , then ran for three yards and a first down.
Critics were impressed by Headley 's second innings performance , in which he scored his runs out of 64 added while he was batting.
Art historian Henri Zerner has called the plan " a grand ritualistic drama which would have filled the rotunda 's celestial space " ..
The length at birth is 66 – 77 cm ( 26 – 30 in ) in the northwestern Atlantic , 61 – 69 cm ( 24 – 27 in ) off Tunisia , and 60 cm ( 24 in ) off South Africa.
The one @-@ way pair ends and the route continues north on two @-@ lane undivided Liberty Street , passing by residences and some businesses.
There had been heavy snowfall overnight , and dozens of volunteers , including members of the club 's board , worked all morning to clear the pitch.
The lighter main battery , compared to other pre @-@ dreadnought type battleships that typically carried twice as many heavy guns , was criticized by some observers , but Dr. Philip Alger writing in Proceedings of the United States Naval Institute noted that " it should be borne in mind that a pair of guns in a turret do not make twice as good shooting as a single gun , " and that given the limited displacement of the design , it " was the wisest choice that could be made.
The pronounced claws are particularly useful for climbing.
He ordered his men to construct a breastwork from nearby logs and brush.
The original , unveiled on May 23 , 1991 , described the general as a " centurion figure , strong and prominent " according to its designer , Tony Milchard ..
The following night on Raw , Swagger and Zeb Colter were defeated by Del Rio in a Two @-@ on @-@ one handicap match after forcing Swagger to submit to the Cross <unk>.
The story starts at <unk> Isle where Conan is raiding a tomb.
PRSA 's Board of Ethics and Professional Standards and the Universal Accreditation Board make recommendations on the code of conduct and accreditation programs respectively.
She was also eager to create the mask worn by Gin at the festival , which resembled the face of a fox whose typical <unk> eyes were replaced by oval ones to give the mask a " creepy " hybrid fox @-@ primate appearance ..
My Worlds Acoustic debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200 , selling 115 @,@ 000 copies in its first week , becoming Bieber 's third consecutive top ten album ..
In 2010 , the British Grand Prix at Gateshead was chosen as one of the inaugural fourteen Diamond League events , but although competitors included Tyson Gay , Powell , Jessica Ennis and Vincent <unk> , the attendance was unusually poor , causing the local press to wonder whether Gateshead 's contract for the marquee event would be renewed.
Despite this , there is no evidence that Athenian women owned land or slaves ( the two most valuable forms of property ) ..
Znaniecki saw social actions as the foundation of a society , as they give rise to more complex social relations , and he saw this theory as the foundation of all the others.
He played his last Test at the National Stadium , Karachi , where he took two wickets conceding 64 runs ..
Born in Africa and transported by slave ship , he was freed in 1787 and was supposedly 130 years old when he died around 1840 , but was more likely aged about 100.
The snakes are blown out of the cockpit and the lower floor of the plane.
As a result , there was no convoy for Hipper to attack.
The Dalai Lama 's reverence for his guru was so deep that when the Bzod pa rgya mtsho died , he even performed the last rites for him , got installed his funerary <unk> and statue.
The best known case of post @-@ uprising departure involved a group of Jewish Combat Organization fighters under the leadership of <unk> Cukierman and Marek Edelman , who had taken part in both the Ghetto and the Warsaw Uprisings.
It is the active ingredient of Thorotrast , which was used as radiocontrast agent for X @-@ ray diagnostics because of thorium 's high opacity to X @-@ rays.
The <unk> which stood in the area near the Old Market Place from the 17th century until the late 19th century was also the site for dispensing early local justice.
Taylor wrote that the numbers claimed by the British included tanks that were immobilised and later recovered.
At the 2002 Winter Paralympics in alpine @-@ skiing , this classification was not grouped with others for the men 's downhill , giant slalom , slalom , Super @-@ G medal events.
Napravnik rode in the Preakness Stakes for the first time in 2013 , finishing third , again on Mylute.
McGuinn continues to perform the song in his solo concerts and consequently it appears on his 2007 album , Live from Spain ..
They fired a 50 @-@ pound ( 23 kg ) shell at a muzzle velocity of 2 @,@ 650 ft / s ( 810 m / s ) to a range of 16 @,@ 970 yards ( 15 @,@ 520 m ).
Adjacent to the tower on the west side is a two @-@ storey building that contained the College refectory , kitchen and scullery on the ground floor with a dormitory and infirmary on the first floor.
A further boom came during the 1940s and 1950s as the city became a staging area for construction of military depots during World War II and the first decade of the Cold War ..
Now in the town of Johnstown , the route winds its way northwestward as it follows Cayadutta Creek through an area of hilly terrain south of Adirondack Park.
Wade is well known for his philanthropic involvement in various organizations.
" Hamilton in 50 years will be the forward cleat in a golden horseshoe of industrial development from Oshawa to the Niagara River ... 150 miles long and 50 miles ( 80 km ) wide ... It will run from Niagara Falls on the south to about Oshawa on the north and take in numerous cities and towns already there , including Hamilton and Toronto.
" Immediately after this , a four @-@ second segment of backwards vocals repeats four times.
To combat with the growing economic decline , Hoover organized a number of voluntary measures with businesses , encouraged state and local government responses , and accelerated federal building projects.
Scheduled Tribes ( an official term for natives outside the Indian social system ) , such as the Raji , who live near the border with Nepal , constitute less than 3 percent of the population.
Surgery is the only treatment that can cure pancreatic adenocarcinoma , and may also be done to improve quality of life without the potential for cure.
Unwilling to wait , Rhodesia confirmed Reedman 's appointment the next day , much to Wilson 's fury.
We worry about him ... On Her Majesty 's Secret Service doesn 't have Connery and it 's impossible to ever fully adjust to Lazenby , but I think that it still might be the best Bond film , as many Bond cultists claim.
There were occasional attacks on the 9th Infantry 's forward positions , but to the men in the front lines this appeared to be only a standard patrol action.
Soldiers of the 130th Engineer Brigade completed 345 construction projects during the year in the country , including emplacing four bridges and maintaining eight more , well digging projects throughout western Iraq , maintaining the power grid to 25 coalition bases , repairing and expanding services at FOBs throughout the region , and construction of outposts and checkpoints throughout the country 's roadways with the assistance of Iraqi engineers.
Sarah Jane meets Rose and Mickey , with an immediate rivalry sparking between the two women.
Anderson commented on the difficulty in writing comics as prose stating , " in the comics , several pages of superpowered action can propel the story , but when you read it in a book , it 's not quite so interesting.
There are 3 Members of Parliament ( MPs ) representing the three parliamentary constituencies in the city : Petra Jaya ( <unk> ) , Kuching City ( <unk> ) , and Stampin ( <unk> ).
The first Australian shots ( many sources report the first Allied shots ) of both World War I and World War II were fired by the garrison at Fort Nepean.
This parliament , later known disparagingly as the ' Drunken Parliament ' , revoked most of the Presbyterian gains of the last thirty years.
He also received the Distinguished Service Medal for his exceptional battlefield performance ..
The Spanish eradicated and stripped the Ohlones of their cultural heritage by causing the death of ninety percent of the population , and forcing cultural assimilation with military fortification and Catholic reform.
The outer sections are grave ; the jazzy sections rather cheerless ; the pastoral contrast more weary than peaceful.
Later that day , Perth began issuing gale warnings on the low as it was expected to develop into a tropical cyclone.
One of these relatively small granitic plutons was emplaced 67 – 87 Ma and spawned one of the more profitable precious metal deposits in the Death Valley area , giving rise to the town and mines of Skidoo.
On the underside of the cap are small angular pores , initially bright yellow before turning greenish @-@ brown with age.
Abandoning his position at Fromentières , where Marmont 's infantry had just begun to <unk> , Blücher ordered the continuation of the retreat towards Champaubert and Étoges , with Kleist 's Corps on the left , south of the road and <unk> 's Corps on the right , north of the road.
Since March 1922 Goldwyn had been run by Abe Lehr , who publicly promised that " each director will have his own staff and will be given every facility in putting into production his own individuality and personality.
Three years later , the project was reannounced for the Game Boy Advance alongside a rerelease of Mother and Mother 2 in a combined cartridge : Mother 1 + 2 , released in 2003.
" A spokesman for the BNP said that London was too " multicultural " to be fair to it and that a location like the northwest of England would have been more favourable.
She had previously been well known for breeding Old English <unk>.
This was purely a political ploy , however , since the North Vietnamese would probably again refuse to negotiate , casting the onus on them and " thus freeing our hand after a short period ... putting the monkey firmly upon Hanoi 's back for what was to follow.
Curry 's first two Tech teams from 1980 – 1981 went 2 @-@ 19 @-@ 1 with the only bright spots being a brilliant 24 @-@ 21 victory over Bear Bryant 's Alabama team at Legion Field to open the 1981 season and a 3 @-@ 3 slug fest in 1980 with then No.1 rated Notre Dame at Grant Field.
No 6 Squadron formed part of No. 82 Wing , and was primarily responsible for training aircrews to serve with the wing 's two front line units ; No. 1 and No. 2 Squadrons.
In March 1913 , Collingwood and the 1st Battle Squadron undertook a port visit to Cherbourg , France.
Originally , under Article I , § 3 , Clauses 1 and 2 of the Constitution , each state legislature elected its state 's senators for a six @-@ year term.
Different classifiers often correspond to different particular nouns.
For example , carbon has three naturally occurring isotopes : all of its atoms have six protons and most have six neutrons as well , but about one per cent have seven neutrons , and a very small fraction have eight neutrons.
As a result , Triple H won the WWE Championship ..
As he and Megan eat in the restaurant , Megan expresses her frustration at having her needs and desires take a back seat to Don 's.
A different scenario occurs when the moon is either revolving around the primary faster than the primary rotates , or is revolving in the direction opposite the planet 's rotation.
The ice surface dimensions set the standard for today 's North American ice hockey rinks.
The three parts of the song , namely the bridge , where Madonna sings " what can help me now " , the chorus and the verse flow together strongly.
Huge numbers of memorials were built in the 1920s and 1930s , with around 176 @,@ 000 erected in France alone.
Owsley was dedicated to his studies in the public schools of the area , and obtained a better education than most of his peers.
" Nolan has said movies are " suited towards addressing paradox , <unk> , and worlds @-@ within @-@ worlds " ..
In the end he was charged with affray , and in November 1986 was sentenced to eight years by Judge Neil Denison ( the longest sentence handed out for affray during the riot , according to Rose ) , reduced on appeal to six years.
Concept art for the game was provided by Rebellion 's comic artists , and the cutscenes were based on the company 's comic properties like 2000 AD.
While the main focus of the Australian military 's effort was the ground war , air and naval forces were also committed.
These themes are particularly evident in Crane 's first three novels , Maggie : A Girl of the Streets , The Red Badge of Courage and George 's Mother.
The Burdenko commission 's conclusions would be consistently cited by Soviet sources until the official admission of guilt by the Soviet government on 13 April 1990 ..
The couple 's first child , Ronald , arrived on 2 October 1920.
Eardulf , the Bishop of Lindisfarne , decided the monastery must be abandoned , and orderly preparations were made for the whole community , including lay people and children , to evacuate ..
Hirvonen , however , felt his tyre compound was too soft , and was unimpressed with his time.
The work was premiered with Busoni as soloist in March 1914 in Berlin ..
She and her sister submarine Smeli arrived in the Bay of Kotor on 9 December 1929.
Mark Coleman from Rolling Stone gave the album a rating of three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half out of five stars and positive review , claiming that Madonna " pulls it off with brass and panache ".
The French attempted to launch counter @-@ attacks against the German @-@ held bridgeheads , from 15 – 17 May , but the offensives fell victim to delay and confusion.
The ferry , operated by Washington State Ferries ( WSF ) , takes approximately 20 minutes for each of its 39 daily round @-@ trip crossings.
The Mendocino Fracture Zone ( also known as the Mendocino Fault east of the Gorda Ridge ) is a transform fault that separates the Pacific and Gorda Plates.
When asked if they drew inspiration from the previous film adaptations of Treasure Island for the character designs , Glen Keane stated that he disliked looking at previous portrayals of the character in order to " clear his mind of stereotypes " , but that he drew some inspiration for the manner by which Silver spoke from actor Wallace Beery , whom he " loved because of the way he talked out of the side of his mouth.
Set in the fictional New England town of the same name , Bizenghast focuses on fifteen @-@ year @-@ old Dinah Wherever.
Activision purchased RedOctane in 2006 for $ 100 million to achieve " an early leadership position in music @-@ based gaming ".
However , the hurricane continued to intensify , and reached peak intensity as a modern @-@ day Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 mph ( 175 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 961 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 38 inHg ) , though these statistical peaks were achieved at different times on September 2.
Particularly at issue is the ability for Apple to remotely disable or delete apps at will.
High waves along the coast damaged lobster traps and dozens of boats , many of which were driven ashore ..
Although never intended for the low @-@ level role , the B @-@ 52 's flexibility allowed it to outlast its intended successor as the nature of the air war environment changed.
This began in the episode " Flu Season " , where Ron offered advice to Andy about winning April back , and continued in " Media Blitz " with Ron giving April advice that ultimately led her to take Andy back ..
She was towed there a month later on 29 July and broken up by the end of the following year.
Oppenheimer was interviewed by the FBI on September 5 , 1946.
The field goals , kicked from 39 , 51 , and 28 yards away and two extra points made Coutu Georgia 's leading scorer in the game , earning 11 points.
As soon as Edgar became king he reversed this act on the ground that <unk> had not been able to govern even his former diocese properly.
Barnes filed a 22 @.@ 7 million dollar lawsuit in response to the incident.
The inaugural German Grand Prix was held at the AVUS track on 11 July , but the date clashed with a more prestigious race in Spain.
He forced the retirement of two of Kent 's bowlers , but was reasonably satisfied with Lancashire in 1884 : for their match against Kent at Old Trafford , they dropped Nash , and by the meeting of the two sides in August that year , neither Crossland nor Nash were in the side.
It is deemed that she has to be deleted.
He wrote that he and the other inhabitants often consumed it , and that he experienced no ill @-@ effects from it.
" A.D.I.D.A.S. " is an Acronym for " All Day I Dream About Sex ".
He had played just six league games by 29 January 1983 when he made the first of 134 consecutive league appearances , all in midfield under new manager Trevor Cherry.
Others were assisted out of the water by ground personnel ..
Survived by six children , Clark was buried in Burwood Cemetery.
It was to eliminate the opposition of the Grand Junction company to the other NSR proposals that the NSR agreed to absorb the Derby and Crewe.
In November 1989 , one of the school 's CT @-@ 4s re @-@ created the first trans @-@ Australia flight that had taken place 70 years before , when Captain Henry Wrigley and Sergeant Arthur " Spud " Murphy flew a Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2 biplane from Point Cook to Darwin , Northern Territory , between 16 November and 12 December 1919 ..
Hades , the god of the underworld — after hearing Orpheus ' moving music — allowed Orpheus to retrieve his wife as long as he does not look back at her until they are safely out of the underworld.
The pronunciation of long and short vowels depends on the syllable 's position in the word.
Maggie Grace ( born Margaret Grace Denig ; September 21 , 1983 ) is an American actress , best known for her roles in Lost and the Taken trilogy.
Mercedes later goes to find Joe at Gabriel 's grave , she almost tells him the truth , but can 't go thought with it , after he confessed he still loves her.
These figures were acknowledged as disappointing , and described as awful by Kulas.
Those were an armoured battalion of the 329th Armoured Brigade based in Banja Luka , a battalion of the 6th Mountain Brigade based in Delnice , a reconnaissance company and a mechanised battalion of the 4th Armoured Brigade based in Jastrebarsko and Karlovac , a battalion of the 306th Light Anti @-@ Aircraft Artillery Regiment based in Zagreb , a signals company of the 367th Signals Regiment based in Samobor , a company of the 13th Military Police Battalion based in Rijeka and an anti @-@ aircraft artillery battery drawn from the 13th Proletarian Motorised Brigade based in Rijeka.
Oxendine accounted for the majority of Virginia Tech 's 193 total rushing yards , but Nebraska had many more players run the ball than just Benning , who accounted for just over one @-@ third of Nebraska 's 279 @-@ yard rushing total.
Florida State was able to break through the Tech offensive line during the punt and blocked the kick.
There is a choice of nearby senior schools for older Navenby pupils , although none are within the village.
Doubting the headmaster 's explanation of a natural disaster occurring , Sakuya and Ryouta resolve to figure out the identity of the protagonist 's killer and leave the gymnasium , discovering a large metal dome surrounding the school.
These bulb @-@ shaped organs are joined to tube feet ( <unk> ) on the exterior of the animal by short linking canals that pass through ossicles in the ambulacral groove.
Kumar and Yardi produced their first Marathi venture 72 Miles Ek <unk>.
On the afternoon of 25 October a platoon from 3 RAR was fired on by two companies of North Koreans as they crossed the Taeryong River to conduct a reconnaissance of the west bank , and although they were subsequently forced to withdraw , the Australians took 10 prisoners with them.
While Jones would later leave the cast for a role on Parks and Recreation , in February 2007 , NBC announced that Helms was being promoted to a series regular ..
It was now postponed until further notice.
Because the media speculated that her role was based on the former model <unk> Nagpal ( which both Ranaut and Bhandarkar denied ) , the Delhi Commission for Women ( DCW ) , ordered a stay on the film 's release , approving it only after a script narration.
Although it was an arranged marriage , the newlyweds were compatible from the start and their marriage was a loving one ; Victoria too had received a liberal education and shared her husband 's views.
In an interview , Lovato explained that the song is about being yourself when you are surrounded by " the pressures of fame ".
The parliament 's discussions on Anglo @-@ Scottish relations preceded peace negotiations later in the year , at which Bishop Walter was one of the Scottish envoys.
Hawke later described the opportunities he was offered as a result of the film 's success as critical to his decision to continue acting : " I didn 't want to be an actor and I went back to college.
Potter obtained an option to purchase 200 acres ( 81 ha ) around the River Oaks Country Club in 1923 , and in the following year William Hogg established the Country Club Estates in order to support the development of the community.
Rachel Nichols was born January 8 , 1980 in Augusta , Maine , to Jim , a schoolteacher , and Alison Nichols.
She became a permanent resident in the United States in May 1938.
The architect was Edward Haycock , but Harrison did make alterations to the design , changing the style of the column , and adding a pedestal with statues of lions ; and Harrison did supervise the construction.
Although the run was a sell @-@ out , ENO 's managing director Peter Jonas disliked the production , and refused to revive it.
The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , wrote that the episode was " a curious unmemorable episode with a good chunk in the middle.
It is infected by many different parasites and harbors a hantavirus that also infects humans.
If you love your country , you serve her.
Ricks referred to the briefing as " perhaps the most informal one given by the US military in Iraq and the most important one.
He had previously appeared on the cover of the December 31 , 1990 edition.
The behind @-@ the @-@ scenes program would air throughout the day on both channels , including the regular programming on partner channels like MTV Hits.
This loss was attributed by the New York Times to the surrounding controversy regarding the investigations at the time.
Having arrived at Jerusalem , in early May the 20th Infantry Regiment began company @-@ level training.
The chain of salps is the ' aggregate ' portion of the lifecycle.
The film closed on December 6 , 2001 , after grossing $ 267 @,@ 665 @,@ 011 domestically , along with $ 216 @,@ 744 @,@ 207 overseas , for a worldwide total of $ 484 @,@ 409 @,@ 218.
After recording the second version of the song , Lennon wanted to do something different with it , as Martin remembered : " He 'd wanted it as a gentle dreaming song , but he said it had come out too raucous.
For the 3 @,@ 200 @-@ seat design , Pflueger took his inspiration from Green Mansions , a romantic fantasy novel by William Henry Hudson set in the Guyana jungle of Venezuela.
" In response to the controversy , Rammstein stated that " We are not Nazis , Neo @-@ Nazis , or any other kind of Nazi.
Dorn subsequently had medical issues and was replaced by J. L. Jayne in October.
The British Official Historian , L. F. Ellis , described the 22nd Armoured Brigade group withdrawal and explained that with the unexpected arrival of the 2nd Panzer Division , the 7th Armoured Division " could hardly have achieved full success ".
The Kiger Mustang is a strain of Mustang horse located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Oregon.
After the merger , the MTR network included three more lines — East Rail Line , West Rail Line , and Ma On Shan Line — as well as the Light Rail network and Guangdong Through Train to Guangzhou ..
One of the major reforms that was not enacted , despite vigorous debate , was legislation calling for a ten @-@ hour workday ..
As a result , the Roman state was forced to arm its soldiers at the expense of the state , which it had not had to do in the past ..
As a result of this work , they coined the term RNAi.
Mulder returns to the motel and finds Max inside his trailer , having an apparent epileptic seizure.
In his Narrative of the Riots in Birmingham ( 1816 ) , stationer and Birmingham historian William Hutton agreed , arguing that five events stoked the fires of religious friction : disagreements over inclusion of Priestley 's books in the local public library ; concerns over Dissenters ' attempts to repeal the Test and Corporation Acts ; religious controversy ( particularly involving Priestley ) ; an " inflammatory hand @-@ bill " ; and a dinner celebrating the outbreak of the French Revolution ..
One researcher wrote in the Jacobin magazine in 2016 that " [ f ] ew in Armenia support [ the ] pleas to use Karabakh as a springboard to recreate ' Greater Armenia.
If he intended an attack along the Moselle the Duke must now turn west , but , instead , the following day the army crossed to the right bank of the Rhine , ( pausing to add 5 @,@ 000 waiting Hanoverians and Prussians ).
<unk> ( latex @-@ producing ) hyphae are abundant ..
The following year the Cuban Missile Crisis threatened to turn the Cold War into a nuclear one.
The show 's script producer , Emma Gordon , agreed that the real @-@ time episode was " the best way to do justice " to the character and his exit.
When Liverpool approached former players to identify their personal favourites as a complement to the list , Ian Callaghan , Tommy Smith , David Johnson , and Roy Evans included Liddell in their " top five ".
" Mark Bautz , an editor from Entertainment Weekly gave the album a B-.
When Vice Admiral Herbert F. Leary was replaced a few months later , Curtin was consulted , and concurred with the change ..
A former child actor from the Barbara Speake Stage School who appeared in Kids Can Say No ! said that Harris ' behavior with older girls at the school made Harris ' eventual arrest unsurprising ..
Nevertheless , it was also deemed essential that Queen Wilhelmina was to be brought to safety ; she departed around noon from Hoek van Holland , where a British Irish Guards battalion was present , on HMS Hereward , a British destroyer , and when sea mines made it too dangerous to try to reach Zealand , she went to England.
According to Zelliot , she was a contemporary of saint @-@ poets Chokhamela ( 14th century ) and <unk> ( <unk> @-@ <unk> ) ..
Rangan drew similarities between the character 's motives and those of characters in the Italian film The Night of the Shooting Stars ( 1982 ) and Ratnam 's Malayalam film <unk> ( 1984 ).
Created by producer and writer Jon Stone , Mr. Hooper is the original proprietor of Hooper 's Store , the neighborhood variety store and combination diner / corner store that serves as a place for Muppets and humans to meet and interact.
As of 2013 , she was a sponsored athlete for the Patagonia gear and clothing company and owned a small business that offered climbing courses ..
For the remainder of the year , the newts live in shady land habitats , usually forests.
The program consisted of 17 instructions and ran for 52 minutes before reaching the correct answer of 131 @,@ 072 , after the SSEM had performed 3 @.@ 5 million operations ( for an effective CPU speed of 1 @.@ 1 <unk> ) ..
This was the first time Harrisburg had been without a cinema since 1920.
Also planned are fishery studies for Lake McDonald , updates of the historical archives , and restoration of trails ..
The foundation of the Belair Jazz Club in Bridgetown in 1961 helped to keep this scene alive.
The major traffic on the navigation had always been coal , but after the Second World War there was a steady increase in oil traffic.
A second route to the two villages was added in 1995.
Much of the escarpment stretching from Enugu to Orlu has been ravaged by soil and gully erosion.
27 @,@ 000 acres ( 110 km2 ) was set aside for the New Iceland territory , which comprised 57 @.@ 9 kilometres ( 36 @.@ 0 mi ) astride the western shore of Lake Winnipeg between Boundary Creek and White Mud River ( Icelandic River ) inclusive of Big Island ( Hecla Island ).
The UM baseball team , coached currently by Jim Morris , has won four national championships ( 1982 , 1985 , 1999 and 2001 ).
Rotberg concludes that Chilembwe planned to seize power in the Shire Highlands or perhaps in all of Nyasaland.
Notwithstanding this enthusiasm , the financial strains of such a grand production led to legal actions against Hill from unpaid craftsmen.
North American breeders have a more southeasterly trend , many birds wintering in southeast Canada , with smaller numbers in the north central and northeastern US states.
But ultimately the forces were brought together at Caravaggio , and both Sforza 's Milanese and the Venetian army under <unk> Attendolo gathered there.
The song was recorded by Levine , with additional engineering by Charles Moniz.
Major rebuilding took place following a fire in the town in 1731 , after which it became a centre for cloth @-@ making.
In 2002 , an order for three Boeing 777 @-@ 200ERs was placed with Boeing ; an additional aircraft of the type was acquired in November 2005 ( 2005 @-@ 11 ).
Bound for Glory was received with mixed reviews.
In a few species , such as the Hawaiian happy @-@ face spider , Theridion grallator , several coloration schemes are present in a ratio that appears to remain constant , and this may make it more difficult for predators to recognize the species.
After the change , it turns south along M @-@ 13 on the Shiawassee – Genesee county line to the M @-@ 78 freeway and then routed eastward to replace M @-@ 78.
The German site 's download section was revised to exclude wallpaper downloads that openly feature the swastika.
WINC had difficulty renewing its license in the early 1970s , as it was airing 22 minutes of commercials per hour — in excess of what the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) permitted.
The demand was broadcast at a public press conference where Rajoelina also promised to dedicate a politically open public space in the capital which he would call Place de la democratie ( " Democracy Place " ) ..
However , in 1866 Congress authorized the railroad companies to build a line through the area , and created numbered lots of one square mile ( or 640 acres ( 3 km2 ) ) each.
Such cowards used to be shot , now they are only encouraged.
However , the devastating 1997 Red River Flood inundated numerous buildings on campus and forced the cancellation of the remainder of the school year ..
The film had a worldwide gross of US $ 136 @,@ 836 @,@ 156.
Since males within a group have not been observed fighting over access to females during breeding season , nor attempting to force females to copulate with them , it is believed that female choice determines which males get to breed with females.
" Roosevelt caused the Mint to engage Saint @-@ Gaudens to redesign some of the coins which could be changed without the need for Congressional approval — the cent and the four gold coins.
Entering 2015 , his future with the club was uncertain , although with the departure of Jimmy Rollins , he was a candidate to be the team 's starting shortstop ..
The duration of these giant pulses is short compared to the period of the pulsar , lasting on the order of 10 nanoseconds.
" In later testimony before a parliamentary committee , Bernard Gray , Chief of Defence Materiel , revealed that even though the carriers had been sold as adaptable and easy to convert for CATOBAR , no serious effort had been made in this direction since 2002 ..
A report in 2010 by Nekaris et al. reported that Laos , Cambodia , and Thailand were the primary exporters of slow lorises , with Singapore and Malaysia also involved.
" In total the flag has five dimensions , the sizes are " no.
" De Rossi further went on to say , " I kind of had to throw myself at [ Fresco ].
After the Second World War the mining industry collapsed , and Aberdaron gradually developed into a holiday resort.
Wilfrid was born in Northumbria in about 633.
In that same summer she met Ralph Vaughan Williams , a close friend of Holst.
Due to the interaction with the high terrain of northern Luzon , Bess temporarily weakened to a tropical storm before regaining typhoon strength over the South China Sea during the afternoon of October 11.
XX Bomber Command 's performance improved after LeMay instituted a training program and improved the organization of the B @-@ 29 maintenance units during August and September.
<unk> receptor antagonists ( such as <unk> and <unk> ) may be used in addition to inhaled corticosteroids , typically also in conjunction with a LABA.
" You know , what does it mean ? It means you get a better seat in a restaurant or tickets to a screening or whatever it may be.
The fungus obtains most of its nitrogen requirements from amino acids derived from the breakdown of proteins , although a lesser amount is obtained from the amino sugar glucosamine ( a breakdown product of chitin , a major component of fungal cell walls ).
Owen followed the Germans back to their trench and ambushed them.
In the end , while nearby towns such as Hanover emptied of their residents , the citizens at Plum River decided to send the women and children to Galena and leave the men to stick it out on the frontier.
On November 29 , 1932 , the California State Highway Commission received a recommendation to purchase the road and was able to invest $ <unk> by 1936.
Emile 's Studio served as a secondary recording location for " Watching You " , which was produced and instrumented by its owner , Emile Haynie.
" More seriously , one laborer wrote , was that there was nothing more terrifying than to be in a trench and have a drunken or unskilled Operator handling the pipe that was being laid in the trench ..
Finally , on April 10 , 2011 , the official website for Puella Magi Madoka Magica announced that broadcasts would resume on April 21.
In 1951 , Governor Theodore McKeldin criticized the University of Maryland as an example of wasteful state spending , and was especially critical of expansions to the Princess Anne campus , which was geographically disconnected from the state 's black population and not attracting many students to study agriculture.
There was back and forth action between the two teams , as all of the superstars were able to participate in the match.
After Diane shoots herself , the bed is consumed with smoke and Betty and Rita are shown beaming at each other , after which a woman in the Club Silencio balcony whispers " Silencio " as the screen fades to black.
The Grand Prix was contested by twelve teams , each of two drivers.
The lab technician of this ship took samples of plankton twice a day from the top deck.
The vocabulary , called Disorderly Words ( <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> ) , has been lost , with only a few fragments quoted by later authors.
The four largest companies in the city were Mitsubishi Shipyards , Electrical Shipyards , Arms Plant , and Steel and Arms Works , which employed about 90 % of the city 's labor force , and accounted for 90 % of the city 's industry.
This also failed , and Sullivan never worked with Gilbert again , although their operas continued to be revived with success at the Savoy ..
Doe won the " Supporters Player of The Year " award , describing it as " the best thing in the World ".
Martin also developed a relationship with George Raveling who regularly recruited from Detroit high schools for the Iowa Hawkeyes.
Established in the Los Angeles area during the 1910s after moving from such eastern venues as Fort Lee , New Jersey , the industry had been rocked by a number of scandals.
Taking six hours to cross the mountainous island , Caitlin entered the Taiwan Straits on August 4.
A New York Times critic wrote , " the jaunty , bemused Mr. Nesbitt , manages to combine soulfulness with sly humor ".
During the cooler season , between May and October , lighter rains are delivered by winds from the southeast ..
Cambridge 's crew contained three rowers who had taken part in the 1959 race , bow J. R. Owen , G. H. Brown and John Beveridge.
Stauskas made all 6 of his free throw attempts in the final 25 seconds.
The " Eye Patch Lady " also makes another brief appearance to Amy , similar to those in " Day of the Moon " and " The Curse of the Black Spot ".
The motte is 850 feet ( 259 m ) wide at the base and 100 feet ( 30 m ) tall , with its flat summit 63 feet ( 19 m ) across.
Soderberg felt that the fast conversational vocal style adopted by the singer was reminiscent of rapper Kendrick Lamar.
She missed a warm up game against the New South Wales State team before the start of the 2000 Games.
In the last months of the war , U @-@ 30 was used as a range boat ( gunnery platform ) before being scuttled by her crew on 4 May 1945 at Flensburg in <unk> Bay , in order to avoid surrendering the boat to the Allies as part of Operation Regenbogen.
It strained his relationships with previously friendly scientists such as Henry Bates , Thomas Huxley , and even Darwin , who felt he was overly credulous.
It was written by Koda , Mr. Blistah , Pete Kirtley , Jorge Mhondera , <unk> Berrabah , with production being done by long @-@ time collaborator Max Matsuura.
" In his 2002 biography , Anderson stated that his sole regret about the film " [ was ] that I hired Bob Parrish in the first place.
Political radicalism increased , and Brownlee found his orthodox approach to political economy under attack ..
Local languages in the region cannot be identified by archeological studies , and genetic evaluation of cremation burial remains has not been possible ..
Furthermore , the Revolution decisively determined the future structure of the kirk.
Rust in Peace features complex musical structures and lyrical themes such as nuclear war and UFOs.
SMS Oldenburg was an armored warship of the German Imperial Navy.
Making his challenge in the straight , Fantastic Light took the lead just over a furlong out and held off the strong late challenge of the St Leger winner Milan to win by three quarters of a length , with the rest of the runners more than five lengths further back.
... Consequently the court is prepared to act at the instance of a mere stranger , though it retains discretion to refuse to do so if it considers that no good would be done to the public.
The four @-@ lane 12th Street and 14th Street viaducts , completed in 1927 and 1951 respectively , carry Route 139 between Jersey Avenue at Boyle Plaza and the cut into Bergen Hill under Palisades Avenue.
Penfold 's term as governor expired in 1996 , after which he spent a year as a drugs adviser to the Caribbean before being appointed High Commissioner to Sierra Leone in 1997.
The night shark has a slender build with an elongated , pointed snout.
In 2008 , Veitch told Brown that she believed that the JC 's Girls ministry needed to move to Las Vegas , and he responded supportively.
Ian De Cotta from Singapore newspaper Today called her the " Voice of Asia " as well as " Southeast Asia 's international singing sensation.
Along the way , it intersects several major routes , including Interstate 88 ( I @-@ 88 ) , U.S. Route 20 ( US 20 ) , and the New York State Thruway twice.
The posts described Murphy as a " Catholic fanatic " and a " Pope Benedict fan ".
Moderate snow fell across portions of The Berkshires late on February 12 as the storm system began entering the Atlantic Ocean , while isolated areas received upwards of 6 inches ( 15 cm ) ..
Maxwell says his goodbyes to Kath and Les , then , alone , receives a call from his driver , who is waiting for him and Dr. Meier.
He then proposed and organised a series of six annual expeditions to study and draw buildings in different areas , which took place between 1870 and 1875.
Following the positive reception Slayer 's previous release , Hell Awaits , had received , the band 's producer and manager Brian Slagel realized the band were in a position to hit the " big time " with their next album.
Although the Union troops put up a furious defense , Pope 's army was forced to retreat in a manner similar to the embarrassing Union defeat at First Bull Run ( First Manassas ) , fought on roughly the same battleground.
The population of the Inner Court varied over different periods , but by all accounts it was large.
In 1999 Bill Gates donated US $ 20 million to MIT for the construction of a computer laboratory named the " William H. Gates Building " , and designed by architect Frank O. Gehry.
In the aftermath of Pagan 's death or departure , the Golden Path seizes control of Kyrat.
Pixar has produced 17 feature films , beginning with Toy Story ( 1995 ) , which was the first @-@ ever computer @-@ animated feature film , and its most recent being Finding Dory ( 2016 ).
It nevertheless had serious consequences for the Axis war effort in the North African theatre.
Covering 295 square degrees , it ranks 48th of the 88 constellations in size.
The first mid @-@ course correction came 11 hours into the flight.
Similar to a first @-@ person shooter , the game uses a first @-@ person perspective and includes shooting , but there are other non @-@ violent gameplay options.
That year , the German fleet was reorganized into two squadrons of battleships.
During Parliamentary discussions into the Cleveland Railway 's proposed route , a Select Committee of the House of Commons was told that the M & GR was " unwilling to give facility for people carrying traffic not connected with the furnaces with which they are connected.
The band released a single for the movie , titled " New Divide ".
Mike Stagno of Sputnikmusic reviewed the album positively.
In stoppage time , Gaël Clichy was penalised for a foul on Stuart Parnaby in the penalty area ; McFadden scored Birmingham 's awarded penalty to draw the match 2 – 2.
Messi then scored twice as Barcelona defeated Athletic Bilbao 3 – 1 in the Copa del Rey final on 30 May , achieving the sixth double in their history.
In 1752 , after the government failed to renew subsidies that had helped support the colony , the Trustees turned over control to the crown.
The case of Gruban v Booth opened on 7 May 1917 in the King 's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice in front of Mr Justice Coleridge.
Other special @-@ purpose alloys include weathering steels such as Cor @-@ ten , which weather by acquiring a stable , rusted surface , and so can be used un @-@ painted.
St George 's Bridge is one of the newest bridges over the Don.
Further suggestions were made to convert Kentucky into a specialist anti @-@ aircraft ship , and work was again suspended.
In 1975 , it was reported that during the excavation of a medieval cemetery in Kings Worthy , England , fetal remains appeared to lie within the birth canal of the skeleton of a young woman , with the fetal cranium external to the pelvic outlet and between the two femora ( thigh bones ) and the fetal leg bones clearly within the pelvic cavity.
As noted by interviewer Kurt Wolff , " the melody and overall sound of the song also stand out as something fresh and very different.
The vowel sound in words such as burnt , nurse , first is pronounced with an / ɛ / sound , as is also heard in Middlesbrough and in areas of Liverpool yet this sound is very uncommon in most of Yorkshire.
It wasn 't really like work to me.
In Australia , the film was released on 19 March 2009.
" The social importance of science and technology would recur as a theme in his novels The Doll ( 1889 ) and Pharaoh ( 1895 ) ..
After performing well in the heats of the 400 m freestyle , he finished second in the semi @-@ final to Austrian Otto Scheff , who won the same event in the 1906 Intercalated Games.
Approximately 2 @,@ 500 people were aged under 16 , 8 @,@ 400 were aged 16 – 64 , and 2 @,@ 700 aged 65 and over.
Daniel Koren of PMA noted that the song recalls some of The @-@ Dream 's most Prince @-@ esque tracks , " Fast Car " and " Yamaha ".
Another difference from the original version of the film was the inclusion of a short explanatory note at the beginning of the film , detailing the life of Andrei Rublev and the historical background.
Schroeder threw six interceptions in the game , matching Sammy Baugh 's franchise record , and the Redskins had 7 turnovers overall.
Blérancourt 's traditional power structure was reshaped by the events of 1789.
Major online card rooms forbid the use of software that gives a player an " unfair advantage.
Olympic medalist Kriss <unk> construed Bolt 's chest slapping before the finish line as showboating , noting that the actions cost Bolt an even faster record time.
The astroship is able to travel anywhere using a spatio @-@ temporal jump , a sort of hyperspace drive enabling near @-@ instant transportation anywhere in space and time ..
Multiple @-@ Hugo @-@ winner Connie Willis declined to present the awards.
At the time , Factor 5 was developing a game engine to create large terrain maps.
It was established in 1969 , incorporating Chetham 's Hospital School , founded as a charity school by Humphrey Chetham in 1653.
<unk> is spread significantly across the southern parts of South India.
Also , during the early years of the Allied Occupation of Japan , the occupying authorities banned kabuki as feudalistic and detrimental to the public morals , though by 1947 this ban was lifted.
Several communities in the region declared states of emergencies ..
Although Muirchertach Ua Briain recovered enough to regain power in Munster within the year , Dublin was later lost to Donnchad 's kinsman and Leinster successor , Diarmait mac Énna meic Murchada , King of Leinster , who died there in 1117.
Kate 's recruiting of Rousseau seems to fail until she mentions her suspicions about Alex , who helped Kate escape , being Rousseau 's daughter ..
Kate <unk> from Official London Theatre summarized , " Chaotic , intense and pulsating with legendary Green Day hits , a trip to this Tony Award @-@ winning musical may just give you the time of your life.
Wright composed " See @-@ Saw " and " Remember a Day ".
These were powered by fifteen coal @-@ fired Marine water @-@ tube boilers.
Specific figures for each ship 's cruising radius have not survived , but the ships of her class could steam for 4 @,@ 000 to 6 @,@ 000 nautical miles ( 7 @,@ 400 to 11 @,@ 100 km ; 4 @,@ 600 to 6 @,@ 900 mi ) at a speed of 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) ..
Han models of water wells sometimes feature tiny tiled roofs supported by beams that house the rope pulley used for lifting the bucket.
McKinley 's regiment again suffered many casualties , but the Army of the Potomac was victorious and the Confederates retreated into Virginia.
The merger , which was billed as a merger of equals , resulted in UBS 's shareholders receiving 60 % of the combined company and Swiss Bank 's shareholders receiving the remaining 40 % of the bank 's common shares.
Every film I make entails becoming a different woman.
They also repealed the replevin law that had touched off the controversy.
The Riverside Inn and Saltford Marina are also close by.
On October 11 , 1970 , satellite images indicated that a tropical depression developed north of Hispaniola.
The tour commenced on 15 July 2010 at Telstra Events Centre , Auckland.
Pet owners also fail to provide proper care because they are usually asleep when the nocturnal pet is awake ..
The house soon becomes infatuated with Marge after the two share a bath and decides to kill Homer.
About 564 homes were demolished and an additional 1 @,@ 382 were damaged , 583 of them severely.
His success in the role was cut short by the news that Goldfaden , whose plays they were using without permission , was coming with his troupe to Odessa.
By 2003 Egan had developed Jape after spending a week at the family home of fellow Redneck , Niall Byrne , in Avoca , County Wicklow ..
Together with Unicorn , she sailed for the Mediterranean on 13 August to prepare for the landings at Salerno ( Operation Avalanche ) , reaching Malta a week later.
The camas pocket gopher is a member of the subgenus Megascapheus , established in 1903 , at that time for the camas pocket gopher alone.
During World War II , the multiple units were disused , and instead the trains were hauled with steam locomotives.
The Sultan was pursuing his sovereignty claims over Johor and Pahang and aimed to overthrow the Sultan of Terengganu with the backing of Siam.
It is found from sea level to altitudes of 1 @,@ 000 m ( 3 @,@ 300 ft ) with an average yearly rainfall of 700 to 1 @,@ 400 mm ( 28 to 55 in ).
The final release ( 16 @.@ 5 ) bundles spam filtering , which used to be a free download from Symantec.
" Honesty " was solely written by Billy Joel while production was handled by Phil Ramone.
The time when nuptial flight begins depends on the environmental conditions , the time of day , moisture , wind speed and precipitation.
During Danziger 's tenure , assistant rabbis included Alan Greenbaum ( 1977 – 1981 ) , Harry Rosenfeld ( 1981 – 1984 ) , Constance Abramson Golden — Temple Israel 's first female rabbi — ( 1984 – 1986 ) , and Marc Belgrad ( 1986 – 1991 ).
Off Alexandria , the squadron under Captain Hood successfully prevented communications between France and the French army in Egypt.
There are a limited number of Smarties in a mission , and players must rush to gather them , or kidnap them from each other to gain an advantage.
Mariner 9 and Viking allowed better maps of Mars to be made using the data from these missions , and another major leap forward was the Mars Global Surveyor mission , launched in 1996 and operated until late 2006 , that allowed complete , extremely detailed maps of the Martian topography , magnetic field and surface minerals to be obtained.
He also headed the municipal board of arbitration in debt matters , from 1935 to 1940.
About 10 – 30 % of those infected develop cirrhosis over 30 years.
When Iselle made landfall on the Big Island as a moderate tropical storm , it became the strongest tropical cyclone on record to hit the island , and one of only three storms to hit the island at tropical storm intensity or higher , along with Tropical Storm Seven in 1958 , and Tropical Storm Darby in 2016.
On 10 May 1989 , based on the Antwerp success , the presidents of all major Belgian parties ( including the People 's Union ) signed a cordon sanitaire ( hygienic barrier ) , where the parties agreed to never conclude any political agreements with the Vlaams Blok , nor make immigration a political issue.
The second part of the qualifying session lasted 15 minutes and eliminated cars that finished in positions 11 to 16.
In response to Mason 's argument for unfettered power , Cranch replied : " [ T ] his is a doctrine to which I can never assent.
Eurasian wrynecks measure about 16 @.@ 5 cm ( 6 @.@ 5 in ) in length and have bills shorter and less dagger @-@ like than those of other woodpeckers.
The Indian Head gold pieces or Pratt @-@ Bigelow gold coins were two separate coin series , identical in design , struck by the United States Mint : a two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half dollar piece , or quarter eagle , and a five @-@ dollar coin , or half eagle.
Normally the effective population size , which is smaller than the total population , is used to determine these probabilities.
Guy Lombardo hosted 48 straight New Year 's Eve broadcasts on CBS until his death in 1977 , beginning on radio in 1928 ( and for a period , splitting with NBC Radio following midnight ET ) , and on CBS Television from 1956 to 1976 ( which also featured coverage of the ball drop in Times Square ).
They immediately went about putting in place measures to gradually dismantle the proprietor / tenant system , although their efforts generally had limited effect largely because Samuel Cunard , who owned one @-@ sixth of the Island , refused to sell any of his land.
On January 19 , 25 , and 28 , 1790 , respectively , South Carolina , New Hampshire , and Delaware ratified the Bill , though New Hampshire rejected the amendment on Congressional pay raises , and Delaware rejected Article I , which regulated the size of the House.
By the 1960s , even before the increase of abuse of the Case Stated procedure , the United Kingdom was estimated to be losing £ 500 million a year through the movement of arbitration business to other countries.
According to the Association of Religion Data Archives , the denominations with the most adherents in 2010 were the Roman Catholic Church with 1 @,@ 150 @,@ 367 ; the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America with 737 @,@ 537 ; and the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod with 182 @,@ 439.
She finds him injured at the bottom of a cliff and brings him to her hometown of Winhill to recover.
Ron speaks in a deadpan tone of voice and seldom expresses any kind of emotion.
Over the course of his ministry , he developed a theology emphasizing God 's love above all else , in contrast to his father 's stern Calvinism.
Composed and produced by Martin O 'Donnell and Michael Salvatori for Bungie , the soundtrack was released on June 11 , 2002.
However , he praised the work of the marshals who had assisted to recover the cars involved.
The cliff @-@ forming sandstone of the <unk> Canyon Member was <unk> deposited on top of the Tropic Shale in shallow marine and later near shore environments.
Two more of these deaths occurred in the coastal city of Veracruz.
In the second half of the eighteenth century the ownership of the city was inherited by Field Crown Hetman Jan Klemens Branicki.
Some of the spells included in the chapter were version 3 @.@ 5 reworks of spells found in the Book of Vile Darkness ..
Fodor suggests that the character of these modules permits the possibility of causal relations with external objects.
Joy is then seen awoken from sleep as a man named Brady , who looks exactly like the boyfriend in Joy 's dream , sits next to her.
Not far to the east of this junction , NY 5 and NY 92 meet I @-@ 481 by way of a cloverleaf interchange.
Dunstanburgh formed part of the barony of Embleton , a village that lay inland to the west , traditionally owned by the earls of Lancaster ..
In one letter Johnson wrote that Shirley had " become my inveterate enemy " who would do everything he could " to blast if he can my character.
It was the first overtime power play goal in NHL playoff history.
The collection grew larger over the years as individual Benchers such as Sir John Finch and Sir John Bankes left books or money to buy books in their wills , and the first Librarian was appointed in 1646 after members of the Inn had been found stealing books ..
In March 2006 , Telltale announced it had acquired US $ 825 @,@ 000 in funding from a group of private investors , to help sustain growth until its next round of equity funding ..
" Rhythm Nation " peaked at number two , behind " Another Day in Paradise ".
The titles in the series feature a variety of music , but frequently reuse themes.
This led to the expansion of the nearby Town of New Hartford and the village of <unk>.
Larini 's team , Ferrari , complied in light of allegations that they were cheating , but Schumacher and Häkkinen 's teams , Benetton and McLaren refused , claiming copyright reasons.
The gestation period lasts approximately one year , and the newborns measure about 15 – 16 cm ( 5 @.@ 9 – 6 @.@ 3 in ) long.
Spence D. of IGN wrote that the lyrics evoke " the crossroads of Old School and New School.
In 1994 , Hamburg University in Germany gave Kaspersky 's software first place in a competitive analysis of antivirus software.
One study has shown that while the success rate of dispersal initiation attempts is relatively constant across all sexes , male are more likely to attempt initiation than females , and lactating females are less likely to attempt initiation than females without dependent offspring.
The main source of PHED water supply is the <unk> River , located about 16 km ( 9 @.@ 9 mi ) from the city , at an altitude of 2 @,@ 621 m ( 8 @,@ 599 ft ).
The Museum finally scheduled it for restoration and display at their newly constructed Steven F. Udvar @-@ Hazy Center.
The maintenance of the channel enabled the canal to become one of the first to be used for the commercial transport of water , which was pumped from the canal to Durleigh reservoir from 1962 onwards ..
It marked a more than 17 percent decline compared to the previous episode , " Flu Season " , and an even further drop compared to the season premiere " Go Big or Go Home " , which was seen by 6 @.@ 19 million households.
During the designing and filming process , Meddings ' first priorities were realism and credibility.
Unlike previous games in the series , the player only controls the lead character while the remaining two characters are controlled by the game 's artificial intelligence ( AI ).
Ten years later , on October 24 , 1963 , President John F. Kennedy — in what would be one of his last official acts before his assassination — ordered Kawakita released from prison on the condition that he leave the United States and be banned from ever returning.
Among these qualifications were that the official be of " good moral character , " not been convicted of certain felonies , and was not associated with organized crime.
Clay believed the Democrats would again nominate Martin Van Buren , who was ardently opposed to annexation , and this would keep annexation from becoming an issue in the campaign.
During battles , players can arrange their characters anywhere on the bottom screen to implement various tactics ; for example , a character that can block certain attacks can be placed in front of others to shield them ..
While the prototype Straight Eight shown at the model 's introduction had horizontal valves of the type used in earlier Duesenberg @-@ designed marine and racing engines , the model that entered production had a shaft @-@ driven single overhead camshaft which used rockers to operate two valves per cylinder in a hemispheric combustion chamber ..
<unk> states the song " drives remorse into the cold hearts of those involved.
Since 1980 , the team has won the region championship eleven times and has reached the playoffs twenty times.
In September 2005 , an Israeli @-@ declared AIDS expert claimed that Arafat bore all the symptoms of AIDS based on obtained medical records.
The minimum mass of the middle planet b is comparable to the solar system ice giants Uranus and Neptune , while the inner and outer planets have minimum masses a few times that of the Earth.
She became the flagship of Rear Admiral Massimiliano <unk> , commander of the Light Squadron , upon recommissioning.
" Metroid Prime also became popular among players for speedrunning ; specialized communities were formed to share these speedruns ..
In his book The Blind Watchmaker , Dawkins states that animals are the most complex things in the known universe : “ Biology is the study of complicated things that give the appearance of having been designed for a purpose.
Even as a young man , Morris displayed a disposition for education , borrowing often from the library in nearby Bethlehem , where his father was a member.
In 1945 , he was discharged from the military as unfit for duty on medical grounds as a major and found work as a building contractor , in which career he remained until his retirement in 1954.
Although he also said it was meant as a joke when he said , " That wasn 't my idea ! I was on the phone to [ Rob Dickins , managing director of Warner Bros. ] , just <unk> and I said ' Oh , it 's the greatest album ever made.
At the rehearsal dinner , Ross introduces his parents , Jack and Judy ( Elliott Gould and Christina Pickles ) to Emily 's , Steven and Andrea ( Tom Conti and Jennifer Saunders ).
Virginia Tech 's rushing offense was led by several different running backs : Mike Imoh , Branden Ore , and Cedric Humes.
Peter 's mother Ethel was American ; she was praised by the black newspapers for her community involvement and volunteerism.
The priory took control of St. Procopius parish in January 1886 , and Jaeger became the pastor.
Her combative style led to a brief suspension from parliament in 1952.
For example , B9 is folic acid and five of the <unk> are in the range B11 through <unk> , forms of other vitamins already discovered , not required as a nutrient by the entire population ( like B10 , PABA for internal use ) , biologically inactive , toxic , or with unclassifiable effects in humans , or not generally recognised as vitamins by science , such as the highest @-@ numbered , which some naturopath practitioners call <unk> and <unk>.
Masséna and Augereau both defeated the forces in front of them.
On January 22 , 2014 , Turner recorded a career @-@ high 34 points in a 110 @-@ 106 win over the New York Knicks , he also recorded 11 rebounds in the game.
The UFA 's first provincial victory took place in 1910 , and involved the construction of agricultural colleges.
It has since sold over 25 million copies worldwide.
The whip @-@ like tail measures over one and a half times as long as the disc and bears one or two long , serrated stinging spines on top , about a quarter of the tail length back from the base.
The Mongols also took advantage of lingering Liao resentment against the Jin ; the Khitan defenders of the garrisons along the Jin walls , such as those in Gubeikou , often preferred to surrender to the Mongols rather than fight them.
The three dams of the project , Brownlee Dam , Oxbow Dam and Hells Canyon Dam , are located in upper Hells Canyon.
The Bells became farmers , first in Victoria and then in Tasmania , before retiring in 1968.
The Zimbabwe Ministry of Media , Information and Publicity stated that , " the Zimbabwe government never banned the BBC from carrying out lawful activities inside Zimbabwe ".
During the fire @-@ fight the French tried once more to extend into line , but as before the concentrated Allied fire prevented their deployment.
When Elizabeth thanks Darcy for his role in Lydia 's marriage , Lady Catherine 's story encourages Darcy to reconfirm his feelings for Elizabeth.
Upon payment of a subscription , members would be given a gilt Eagle badge , a rulebook , and a list of privileges.
The Jupiter trojans ' densities ( as measured by studying binaries or rotational <unk> ) vary from 0 @.@ 8 to 2 @.@ 5 g · cm − 3.
While most vocals are audible to the human ear , a captive leopard seal was recorded making ultrasonic calls underwater.
Nomadic Maasai lived and herded their cattle among the wildlife.
Instead , she promises to meet him within ten days.
After creating custom plugins for the 3D computer graphics software , Burrows claimed that the team could create and test entire race tracks within five minutes.
By early February 2016 , the game surpassed one million ..
When he went to pitch it , he even had a " whole other story that wasn 't working.
The studio reiterated their interest in May 2003 , however , the idea was postponed by the time filming began in June 2004.
In the UK , the episode was watched by 2 @.@ 51 million viewers ( 2 @.@ 11 million on E4 , and 397 @,@ 000 on E4 + 1 ) , which made it the most @-@ watched show on E4 and E4 + 1 for the week , and the second most @-@ watched show on cable for the week ..
From April 1 , 1788 – April 24 , 1788 Jones surveyed Clinton Township.
Marcus Luttrell appears in the film in an uncredited role.
At Allegan Street , the Capitol Loop becomes a one @-@ way pair.
The theme song , " You Only Live Twice " , was composed by Barry and lyricist Leslie Bricusse and sung by Nancy Sinatra after her father Frank Sinatra passed on the opportunity.
A writer from Emmerdale 's Finnish broadcaster MTV3 described Ivan as being a " good @-@ humoured " , " dark " and " charming dustman " Ivan is revealed to be bisexual and admits his attraction to Paul Lambert ( Mathew Bose ).
Overall invested assets are CHF 2 @.@ 689 trillion , shareholders ' equity is CHF 55 @.@ 313 billion and market capitalization is CHF 75 @.@ 147 billion by the end of 2015 ..
Gilliam intended to cast Ledger opposite Depp.
During casting of the character of Vinnie Van Lowe , Rudd was considered to play the part ; however , the role was given instead to Ken Marino , who appears in the episode.
" Bart Gets an Elephant " is the seventeenth episode of The Simpsons ' fifth season.
The Times of India gave the soundtrack 2 stars out of 5 and said the album " falls desperately short " of the standards expected from Prasad.
Advertising Age said Twitter had become the new TV Guide.
Several congregating grounds are recently confirmed in Oceania , such as Perth Canyon off Rottnest Island , the Great Australian Bight off Portland , and in South Taranaki Bight.
In the latter half of 1936 , water levels in Lake Mead were high enough to permit power generation , and the first three Allis Chalmers built Francis turbine @-@ generators , all on the Nevada side , began operating.
Had either of the two larger stadium proposals developed by Arup been agreed for funding , then Manchester would have ended up with a venue capable of being adapted to hosting large @-@ scale athletics events through the use of movable seating ..
A few hours later , the NHC issued the last advisory on the system and transferred warnings to the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center.
Excavations of the south range of the acropolis uncovered a great many potsherds ( roughly 11 @,@ 000 ) dating to the Terminal Classic , and about 150 pieces dating to the Early Postclassic.
William wrote that , though he was pleased his brother 's health was improving , he did not like the choice to " gallop through Italy ... leaving Florence on your left and Venice on your right ".
It was considered that if the area were captured by Serb forces , it would allow for the consolidation of the territory held by Serb forces in Croatia and in Bosnia and Herzegovina , as well as redeployment of RSK and VRS troops to reinforce other areas ..
A lifelong baseball fan , Landis often slipped away from the courthouse for a White Sox or Cubs game.
The bloc also called for prohibiting male doctors from treating female patients ( especially in pregnancy ) as well as other demands connected to traditional Islamic customs.
Given the clutched scroll , it is accepted that he was a legal professional for the Dukes of Burgundy , and given van Eyck 's high position , may worked as agent for the artist.
Another factor was the storm that hit that evening , causing electrical outages and hindering communications.
The Soviet Union competed in its first World Championship in 1954 , defeating Canada and winning the gold medal.
When seeing the evidence , Mulder deduces that Betsy is another demon who is unable to have a baby demon unless another demon impregnates her.
There were 290 people on board the aircraft — an Airbus A330 @-@ <unk> operated by Northwest Airlines , which had merged with Delta Air Lines the year before.
At 07 : 00 the convoy was about 120 nmi ( 220 km ; 140 mi ) from Malta and twelve Junkers Ju 88s attacked at 08 : 00 despite Beaufighters and Spitfires overhead.
Because of his liberal ideas , he was imprisoned on January 30 , 1795 , being allowed to leave his cell only to treat his patients as a doctor and , on December 23 , to die at his home from the dysentery he acquired during his imprisonment.
Yet , attention alone is inadequate balm for the victims of rape.
The Yankees ' championship streak ended , though , as the Diamondbacks won the Series in seven games with a late rally in the final inning of Game 7 ..
He complimented Carey 's " classy " and " effortless " vocals , and added that Ne @-@ Yo gave the track an emotional " extra dimension ".
The He 111 's low @-@ level performance attracted the interest of the Kriegsmarine.
If the host 's gut contains two or more adults of the same cestode species , they generally fertilize each other , but proglottids of the same worm can fertilize each other and even fertilize themselves.
The Jewish convert to Islam al @-@ Samaw 'al ( d.
During the challenge cup period , none of the leagues that played for the trophy had a formal playoff system to decide their respective champions ; whichever team finished in first place after the regular season won the league title.
<unk> are responsible for virtually all of the region 's annual precipitation , which totals less than 300 millimetres ( 11 @.@ 8 in ).
For almost six hours , the platoon , under Lieutenant Eric <unk> , fought a desperate action to repel the invaders.
Limited archaeological evidence indicates that throughout Northern Britain , farming was done on single homesteads or amongst a small cluster of three or four homes.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony , where Björk premiered the song , she wore a very large dress which unfolded during her performance of " Oceania " to eventually occupy the entire stadium , and showed a map of the world in sign of union.
This carries the Centenary Way dual carriageway over the navigation , which has now been re @-@ joined by the River Don.
In 1993 , historian Bruce Barron wrote a stern rebuke of apocalyptic Christian conspiracism in the Christian Research Journal , when reviewing Robertson 's 1991 book The New World Order.
Smith commented , " It 's important for people to see that this amazing woman [ Gaga ] has a family that supports her.
Described as " an elaborately choreographed spectacle , " it aimed to recreate the award @-@ winning , innovative music videos of Rhythm Nation 1814 and those of its predecessor , Control.
On May 22 , 2000 Okawa replaced <unk> as president of Sega.
Lynch 's paintings , which were influenced by the works of Francis Bacon , were executed in oils , and following an incident in which a moth landed in a still @-@ drying piece , he began embedding insects in his work ..
Also in April 2009 , the song was performed as part of the iTunes Live from London series.
A man was killed when his rowboat capsized in rough surf of 1 to 2 ft ( 0 @.@ 30 to 0 @.@ 61 m ) ; his companion safely swam to shore ..
During his Hong Kong invasion in early 2014 , Invader installed 48 works all over the city.
The following day , the inspectorate gave permission for the trains to be taken into use , despite noting a series of non @-@ <unk> with safety regulations : the inspectorate lacked a list of the train 's deviations from the safety regulations ; lack of a system to automatically monitor the speed of the trains , particularly when automatic train stop was disconnected ; lack of safety training for the crew ; lack of an evacuation analysis ; and lack of control of the marking of safety equipment.
" He worked through manuals of instruction on organ playing and read every book he could find on the theory of music.
Lynn Parrish , a spokesperson for Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network ( RAINN ) , which was not consulted by the show 's writers , spoke out against the " re @-@ rape " storyline.
Though Jellyvision offered some web @-@ based YDKJ games in the interim years , the developers left the gaming market after seeing the rise of home gaming consoles in the early 2000s.
This would give the Confederacy access to California and the Pacific coast.
Roosevelt , finding public opinion against him , signed the bill into law that month.
In April 2009 , sales from the nail polish bottles Mauboy created with Bloom Cosmetics were donated to Children 's Hospital Foundations Australia to support the research into childhood illness.
However , if the person voluntarily gives full information to a police officer before being accused of or charged with an offence , he or she will not be convicted ..
In addition to the regular cast , voice actor Jon Benjamin , child actor Max Burkholder , actress Phyllis Diller , voice actor Phil LaMarr , actor Joe Lomonaco , voice actress Tamera Mowry , actress Anne @-@ Michelle Seiler , voice actress Tara Strong , voice actress Nicole Sullivan , author Gore Vidal , actor Gedde Watanabe , and voice actor Wally Wingert guest starred in the episode.
Two individuals , including Price 's brother , were charged with the burglary , but those charges were later dropped.
Mitch directly caused $ 2 @.@ 005 billion in damage , with an additional $ 1 @.@ 8 billion in indirect costs.
The first eight volumes were republished in five omnibus volumes in Japan between April and July 2010.
As it became clear that Massa would be unable to compete in the next race at Valencia Schumacher was chosen as a replacement for the Brazilian driver and on 29 July 2009 , Ferrari announced that they planned to draft in Schumacher for the European Grand Prix and subsequent Grands Prix until Massa was able to race again.
The director David <unk> used Marlowe 's play as the basis for the ballet Edward II , first performed in 1995 ; the music from the ballet forms a part of composer John McCabe 's symphony Edward II , produced in 2000.
Originally published in the early 19th century , this collection of folk stories had significant influence in modern popular culture which subsequently used its themes , images , symbols and structural elements to create new forms of entertainment ..
Unable to deal with the problems in both Brazil and Portugal simultaneously , the Emperor abdicated on behalf of his son , Pedro II , on 7 April 1831 and immediately sailed for Europe to restore his daughter to her throne ..
" He was upset that nine Ohio delegates bolted from Sherman and voted instead for his opponent , James G. Blaine.
Although Edwin had previously converted to Christianity in 627 , it was Oswald who did the most to spread the religion in Northumbria.
McGuinness explained , " This is a city that 's been disappointed so many times there were a lot of people who weren 't prepared to believe the gig was going to take place until they saw the stage going up.
According to Rudolf Simek , " the squirrel probably only represents an embellishing detail to the mythological picture of the world @-@ ash in Grímnismál ".
Fellow Beatles McCartney and George Harrison were in attendance , as was their manager , Brian Epstein , who was best man ; no parents were there.
Keselowski 's car had sustained minor damage which meant he was not required to use his back @-@ up car as mechanics were able to repair the damage.
The French biologist Charles Frédéric Girard published the first scientific description of the horn shark under the name <unk> francisci in 1855 , in the Proceedings of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia.
Construction of Heftyebakken took place in 1930.
Both Lazenby and Holland deem the lightly armed troops , whatever their number , as essentially irrelevant to the outcome of battle ..
The runestone was first documented during the national search for historic monuments in 1667 – 84 and Peringskiöld noted that it was near the village of <unk> between <unk> and the highway.
" Writing in The Week , Monika Bartyzel also criticized the romance in the film , stating that Rita is the one who kisses Cage , despite knowing him for only a day where he had known her for multiple days via time loop.
The ship 's load of depth charges was also increased , from 20 to 110 ..
At M @-@ 102 ( 8 Mile Road ) , US 25 exited Detroit and entered East Detroit , a suburb in Macomb County.
Fleas that feed on red foxes include Pulex irritans , Ctenocephalides canis and <unk> melis.
The film was runner @-@ up for Best Animated Film at Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards and at San Diego Film Critics Society Awards.
Although the Church of Scientology has stated that Hubbard was " highly decorated for duties under fire , " the actual number of decorations said to have been awarded to Hubbard has varied considerably over the years.
SH @-@ 30 begins at US @-@ 62 in Hollis , the seat of Harmon County.
" Better than Today " was released as the third single from the album , on 3 December 2010.
In 1891 he published two more collections , Lord Arthur Savile 's Crime and Other Stories , and in September A House of Pomegranates was dedicated " To Constance Mary Wilde ".
Perumal refused , and Ganesan was retained.
Additionally , officials canceled trains along the Washington Metro , the Virginia Railway Express , and Amtrak lines , and several flights in and out of the Richmond International Airport ..
One national paper 's headlines in the days following finally gave the phenomenal and increasingly hysterical nationwide interest in the Beatles a name , one which from that day on would be adopted universally : " Beatlemania " ..
The principality was divided into three administrative districts : the postellerie of Stavelot , the postellerie of Malmedy and the county of Logne , totalling around 28 @,@ 000 inhabitants.
Attacking with all four companies , the 49th suffered heavily as it came up against heavy machine @-@ gun fire from well @-@ sited and concealed Japanese positions.
Official Xbox Magazine 's Josh Abrams wrote that the pack had the " foul language , cool set @-@ pieces , and satirical worldview " of the main game and a grindhouse feel , which he appreciated.
Ray Bradbury 's " The Fire Balloons " was published in the April 1951 issue , under the title " ' … In This Sign ' " ; the story was later incorporated into Bradbury 's <unk> , The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man.
Within five years , large American multinational pharmaceutical companies had acquired all six producers of steroid intermediates in Mexico , four of which had been Mexican @-@ owned ..
" The prohibition of landing shark fins without corresponding carcasses extends to any vessel ( including a cargo or shipping vessel ) that obtained those fins from another vessel at sea , " their preamble read.
However , he no longer needed to turn out multiple plays each year , as he had done before.
In 2010 , four years after its original release , the group was invited to perform " Computer City " on the Japanese music television show , Music Station.
In most of these cases one arm of the cross was closed off as a laird 's aisle , with the result that they were in effect " T " -plan churches ..
" During the commentary in both " 201 " and " 200 " Parker and Stone never mention Muhammad directly , referring to him only as " the prophet of the Muslim faith ".
Different subspecies of plains zebra were recognised as members of Equus quagga by early researchers , though there was much confusion over which species were valid.
They are in a " breathless state of suspense " by the opening of the last scene in the tomb : If Romeo is delayed long enough for the Friar to arrive , he and Juliet may yet be saved.
Shoot ' em ups call for fast reactions and for the player to memorize levels and enemy attack patterns.
Her eyes are described as red with intoxication , and in absolute rage , her hair is shown disheveled , small fangs sometimes protrude out of her mouth , and her tongue is lolling.
In one of them the battalion suffered its only fatalities for the deployment when LCPL Nicholas <unk> and Corporal Richard <unk> were killed during a three @-@ hour firefight in <unk> which also resulted in twenty @-@ three Taliban killed.
In 2007 the league expanded beyond the United States ' borders into Canada with the Toronto FC expansion team.
The site is operated in partnership with Cambridgeshire County Council and the Duxford Aviation Society , a charity formed in 1975 to preserve civil aircraft and promote appreciation of British civil aviation history ..
The Hero ( named by the player ) , is a prisoner of the Dark Lord.
Fragments of green glazed jugs and <unk> from the late 12th to 13th century and shards of pottery from the 14th century were also found on the island.
In 2012 , total global production of fish , crustaceans , molluscs , and other aquatic animals was a record 158 million metric tons ( 174 million tons ) , of which 91 @.@ 3 million metric tons ( 100 million tons ) were caught in the wild.
James Reed for The Boston Globe described Minaj 's verse as a " manic guest rhyme ".
Tia was subsequently last noted by TCWC Nadi and JTWC later that day as it crossed a part of its former track , where it had been producing hurricane @-@ force windspeeds a few days earlier ..
The proposed freeway would cost $ 60 million ..
" Zayat also had difficulty obtaining the name from the Jockey Club , as it had been reserved by Earle I. Mack , who owned race horses and also happened to be the chairman of the board of Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law , at Zayat 's alma mater , Yeshiva University.
Similarly , Blanche remained with the 3rd Battle Squadron until January 1916 when she joined her sister in the 4th Battle Squadron.
An anime series produced by Gonzo and SKY Perfect Well Think , called Romeo x Juliet , was made in 2007 and the 2013 version is the latest English @-@ language film based on the play.
They argue , and the husbandman reproaches the wolf for not having a witness ; in response , he produces the fox.
In the skull , the facial skeleton is long and the braincase is smooth.
A main element of Debut 's sound is its incorporation of dance music , reflecting the contemporary styles of London 's club culture , with which the singer had established close ties.
Syria 's political leaders , particularly the communists , the Ba 'athists and the conservatives , viewed Nasser 's terms unfavorably , but nonetheless accepted them in response to mounting popular pressure.
Frusciante 's first major influence was Jimi Hendrix.
Overall , the season 's activity was reflected with a cumulative accumulated cyclone energy ( ACE ) rating of 74.
In 1805 , the U.S. Congress created the Michigan Territory , with Detroit as its territorial capital.
Dobson indicated that the We Are Family Foundation posted pro @-@ gay material on their website , but later removed it.
In 1954 he went to the Carlsberg Laboratory in Copenhagen to do postdoctoral research with Kaj Linderstrøm @-@ Lang , where he started his classic work on the ribonuclease enzyme.
Flint scrapers , knives and other materials associated with neolithic humans were discovered on the moor in the late 19th and early 20th century by local antiquarians such as Charles Roeder.
In addition to sharing nests , they will also interact vocally or physically with their range @-@ mate while they forage at night.
According to Hubie Brown , this move alone made him nearly unstoppable.
Gardner updated Fleming 's characters and used contemporary political leaders in his novels ; he also used the high @-@ tech apparatus of Q Branch from the films , although Jeremy Black observed that Bond is more reliant on technology than his own individual abilities.
The Tennessee Conference is an organ of the church focussed on " developing principled Christian leaders for the church " and also appoints leadership roles in the church.
This allowed them to produce any episodes they wanted , as Weinstein commented : " The great thing about The Simpsons is that we pretty much were able to get away with everything , so there weren 't any episodes we really wanted to do that we couldn 't do.
Among those who died was Temple 's brother ..
Re @-@ built for him from 1816 , it became a model for the modern revival of the baronial style.
Finding it empty , Neil seeks assistance from the local missionary , Dr. Bruner , who recounts how Murder turned many of his rivals into zombies , who now guard his estate.
During the negotiations , Hochuli believed the issue in finding a resolution was to convince the league that officials are full @-@ time employees ..
The scheme received planning approval in May 1986 and the site was purchased by John Broome for £ 1 @.@ 5 million in 1987.
The best of these stories were awarded the title of " <unk> of the Month " , or " <unk> of the Year ".
The complex consisted of an inner and an outer gatehouse and a barbican , which became known as the Lion Tower as it was associated with the animals as part of the Royal Menagerie since at least the 1330s.
It had a muzzle velocity of 1 @,@ 150 ft / s ( 350 m / s ) and , at an elevation of 11 @.@ 25 ° , a maximum range of 4 @,@ 000 yards ( 3 @,@ 700 m ).
Rudall and colleagues ( 2002 ) followed Chase ( 2000 ) , in using the term " lilioid monocots " and again noting unresolved polytomy between these four orders and the remaining monocot clades ( commelinids and Petrosaviaceae ) , although at that time the Petrosaviaceae were still unplaced ..
By 1810 the Indiana Territory 's population within the boundaries of the new state was 24 , 520.
After the 2005 Six Nations they fell to 6th where they remained until they moved into 5th in December that year.
The congested streets and the distance to the City from the stations to the north and west prompted many attempts to get parliamentary approval to build new railway lines into the City.
The initial advantage tilted in Azerbaijan 's favor.
In 1755 , as part of the British military escalation , Major General Edward Braddock arrived in North America with a force of British Army regulars to head a major effort against the French in the Ohio Country.
The landing was preceded by a short naval bombardment from five US destroyers.
And another who constructed a gigantic xylophone to tap on.
The road crosses the Hunting Creek into Caroline County.
On 27 September 1916 , UB @-@ 7 departed Varna for operations off Sevastopol and was never heard from again.
" Williams completed , " When I tell you she 's killing it , it 's another level.
To distinguish it from the Turkic Azerbaijani or Azeri language , this Iranian language , is designated as the Azari language ( or Old Azari language ) , because the Turkic language and people are also designated as " <unk> " or " Azari " in the Persian language.
A committee with representatives from all three municipalities was established in May 1983 to look into the possibilities for a bridge.
Travis Fickett from IGN retroactively gave the episode an 8 @.@ 0 out of 10 , signifying a " great " episode.
By 1976 , it was estimated that 15 @,@ 000 people had come from up and down the East Coast to pack Mad Bowl.
For Europe , Atlus publishes the games through third @-@ party companies ..
An upper @-@ level trough pulled David northward into Hispaniola as a Category 5 hurricane on the August 31.
The next day , the typhoon reached its peak intensity of 100 knots ( 190 km / h ) and passed near the island of Agrihan where one building was left standing and communications were eliminated.
Beck , then 38 , had held the contract since his early 20s.
Other Suillus species with which S. salmonicolor might be confused include S. <unk> and S. <unk>.
In its previous 68 seasons as a Football League club , Plymouth Argyle competed exclusively in the second and third tiers , exactly 34 seasons each.
The Lions Club contributed $ 40 million to the project , with the city providing a $ 35 @.@ 5 million loan guarantee.
In line with the criminal theme of the game , Klepacki borrowed motifs and recreated the mood from scenes involving Jabba the Hutt in Return of the Jedi.
Pilots will be required to have appropriate charts available , and to familiarize themselves with the applicable rules before flying in the corridor.
Every episode of Last of the Summer Wine was written by Roy Clarke and every episode featured Peter Sallis as Clegg.
The next day , 20 August , he claimed his 60th aerial victory , which earned him the German Cross in Gold ( Deutsches Kreuz in Gold ) ; it was awarded on 21 August ..
By that time , Felix had turned to the northeast , and subsequently entered an area of unfavorable conditions.
I 've got mixed emotions at the moment because I feel for Anthony and Cardiff.
Strom was born in Burdett , Alberta , on July 7 , 1914.
In return for the LSWR cladding the LNC 's entrance on Westminster Bridge Road with white glazed brick , the LNC gave consent for the stanchion supporting the gantry to rest on the LNC 's platform , while reserving the right to demand the gantry be removed.
His father , Antonio del Valle , was a soldier in the Spanish army who came to California in 1819 and was <unk> ( administrator and / or foreman ) of Mission San Fernando Rey de España.
Time magazine recorded : " All through the three @-@ hour ceremony , the most important person there was not the King , his nobles or his ministers , but a hawk @-@ nosed old gentleman with a cream- & <unk> cope who stood on a dais as King George approached : The Rt. Hon. and Most Reverend Cosmo Gordon Lang , <unk> .. Lord Archbishop of Canterbury , Primate of All England.
" Jugband Blues " was written around the same time as " Vegetable Man ".
The ship also mounted three submerged 18 @-@ inch ( 457 mm ) torpedo tubes , one of which was mounted in the stern ..
Several Poland players knew her , and Młynarczyk had just been to Italy to play for Widzew Łódź against Juventus.
The road crosses the Nanticoke River and heads into Seaford , where it passes businesses prior to heading across Williams Pond.
In addition , some 224 Iranian parliamentarians issued a joint statement in which they condemned the attack and encouraged Islamabad to show a " decisive move " to " prevent the United States ' future crimes and violation of Pakistan 's territorial integrity " ..
The son of John Croyle , a former defensive end for the University of Alabama , Croyle was born on February 6 , 1983.
Its crown measured 130 feet ( 40 m ) in diameter and 60 feet ( 18 m ) in height.
As the storm passed west of Bermuda on September 13 , the island recorded a pressure of 1 @,@ 006 mb ( 29 @.@ 71 inHg ).
The route continues to Ogletown and passes to the southeast of the Delaware School for the Deaf before it has an interchange with DE 273 and the name changes to Ogletown Stanton Road.
The H class was a series of battleship designs for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine , intended to fulfill the requirements of Plan Z in the late 1930s and early 1940s.
Other institutions also have a reputation for having a " Hooray Henry " image.
The holistic nature of green also suggests that besides suppliers and retailers new stakeholders be enlisted , including educators , members of the community , regulators , and NGOs.
When she wakes up , Cyrus finds herself on her bed , in a skate ramp ; she is wearing a white T @-@ shirt , a black vest , red pants and black boots.
When young , the mushrooms are enveloped in a membrane called the universal veil , which stretches from the top of the cap to the bottom of the stipe , imparting an oval , egg @-@ like appearance.
The egg stage was also measured to comprise 20 @.@ 9 g dietary fibre , and 88 @.@ 76 % moisture.
In July 1968 , a group of British Gardnerians began publishing a magazine titled The Wiccan , while Welshman Gavin Frost founded the Church of Wicca in the United States that same year ..
They underwent an extensive Avionics Upgrade Program through 1998.
He finished second in the conference Preseason Player of the Year voting to Marcus Paige.
The relationship was discovered by Eleanor in September 1918 , when she found a packet of their letters when unpacking his luggage upon his return from an inspection trip to the war zone in Europe while Assistant Secretary of the Navy near the end of the First World War in September 1918.
The game received an aggregated score of 76 % on Metacritic.
The anterior and posterior ridges are arranged in such a way that they interlock with each other and close the canal.
The name is thought to originate either from a Scandinavian word Vik meaning creek or from the Saxon <unk> meaning dwelling place or refuge ..
Yorke said : " We had massive arguments about how it was put together and mixed.
Brown ( 120 ) and Hassett ( 200 * ) also scored centuries , and Miller made 69.
A tropical wave was first observed over western Africa on September 8 and moved offshore in the vicinity of Dakar , Senegal on the following day.
Ultra decrypts revealed that the Japanese believed the deception , with operatives including Malcolm Muggeridge and Peter Fleming supplying disinformation for more than a year , sufficient to make the enemy believe the vessel had gone to the Far East and returned to the Clyde for a refit , by which time she was actually finished ..
The proposal to extend the Woonsocket freeway north to I @-@ 495 in Bellingham was placed on RIDOT long @-@ range planning studies in 1971 , resurrecting the proposal made by the Massachusetts Department of Public Works in the 1960s.
Criticism of the game stemmed from its short length.
At the time , the two MCs had been working together , with West contributing to the production of Lil Wayne 's sixth studio album Tha Carter III.
The 20 @,@ 000 @-@ man right wing , first under Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg , then Wilhelm von Wartensleben , stood on the east bank of the Rhine behind the Sieg River , observing the French bridgehead at Düsseldorf.
World War II researchers focused on the need to ensure adequate nutrition , especially in processed foods.
" DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson wrote : " After the many plots of the prior show , ' Vigilante ' maintains a much tighter focus.
Written and composed by Bart Millard , the song , based around a main piano track , was inspired by the death of Millard 's father and considers what it would be like in Heaven and to be standing before God.
They were Aramaic @-@ speaking and indigenous to the area , mostly belonging to the Syriac Orthodox Church.
Greifer Group and Brecher Group were also unsuccessful as the British and American groups had moved following the aerial reconnaissance on 23 May.
Obama 's approach of selectively combining regulation and incentive to various issues in the domestic energy policy such as coal mining and oil fracking has received mixed commentary for not being as responsive to the needs of the domestic manufacturing sector as needed , following claims that the domestic manufacturing sector utilizes as much as a third of nation 's available energy resources ..
" Stephanie Vander Weide of Television Without Pity gave the episode a " C " grade rating.
Over half of the population was classified as Spaniards , with settled Indians making up the next largest category.
Audrey Alston was a friend of Bridge ; when he returned to Norwich for the next festival in 1927 she brought her not quite 14 @-@ year @-@ old pupil to meet him.
Before performing Elgar 's two symphonies , Solti studied the composer 's own recordings made more than 40 years earlier , and was influenced by their brisk tempi and impetuous manner.
The anatomical peculiarities of Deinocheirus when compared to other , much smaller ornithomimosaurs , can largely be explained by its much larger size and weight.
He read English literature , history , and philosophy for a Bachelor of Arts degree at Meerut College in 1932.
The route of the Qi and Zhou walls would be mostly followed by the later Ming wall west of Gubeikou , which includes reconstructed walls from Qi and Zhou.
She currently functions as a museum ship operated by Nauticus , The National Maritime Center in Norfolk , Virginia.
Vasa has become a popular and widely recognized symbol for a historical narrative about the Swedish <unk> ( " the Great Power @-@ period " ) in the 17th century , and about the early development of a European nation state.
About six hours later , the remnants of Gert were absorbed by a larger extratropical storm.
2000AD Review 's criticism of Critchlow 's subdued colouring continued with the 2003 Lobster Random story , No Gain , No Pain.
<unk> to carry wheat and phosphate fertilizer , both ships sailed initially from New Orleans for St John 's in October 1941 , to take on cargoes of wheat bound for Ireland.
With the Falcons , he played in 36 games , scoring nine goals and adding 11 assists ..
General <unk> brought up the 4th Grenadiers and the allied centre was now in serious danger of breaking.
Clay County ranked only behind Owensboro and Scott County High School in the Lexington Herald @-@ Leader 's 1985 – 86 preseason coaches poll.
These leaders eventually served as the nucleus for a group that would create a shadow government for Kentucky.
The voice @-@ over motion capture was done at House of Moves in Culver City , California ..
Its last tour , in Australasia , conducted by the company 's new musical director , Fraser Goulding , was a success in 1979.
Twenty days after pitching his last high school game , Clyde won his first ever Major League start before over 35 @,@ 000 fans in Arlington Stadium , the first sellout in stadium history.
[ … ] Over the next four and a half days , we lost our enthusiasm for conifers [ … ] The views were restricted and there was little sign of wildlife ".
I believe I am that human being.
He becomes so obsessed with him that he unknowingly begins to annoy people with stories about Edison 's life and inventions.
Keeler found it difficult to escape the negative image attached to her by press , law and parliament throughout the Profumo affair.
In training his men , al @-@ Qassam stressed that maintaining good character was of paramount importance.
The Doctor goes to his TARDIS and finds its exterior phone ringing.
Since 1980 , the Australian blacktip shark has also been targeted by Australian commercial <unk> and longliners in the Northern Shark Fishery.
Cochrane is not the first theorist to advocate an interest @-@ based account of animal rights.
Vandersteen worked in these early years for countless publications.
Residential sub @-@ divisions are present along both sides of the road , isolated from the expressway by noise barriers , from north of Lawrence to the Highway 401 interchange.
While he suppressed the more " noxious " customs of the native people , he did not allow Europeans to own land and mineral prospectors were forbidden : the only whites permitted to reside were officials , missionaries and certain traders.
Survivors helped to pull victims out from under the debris of the balconies , and rescue workers had to use chainsaws to free others.
The per capita income for the county was $ 23 @,@ 670.
The multiple premeditated attacks started on 14 September 2008 , with some 20 churches attacked in Karnataka ; of which 14 were attacked within one hour.
Low pressures were recorded across the area , with a minimum of 990 @.@ 8 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 26 inHg ) measured in Dwarka.
He praised Jim for being " the show 's heart " for being motivated from " a real place " and complimented his final scenes with Dwight , for actually being more in @-@ character in his motivation unlike previous episodes , such as " The Incentive " and " Last Day in Florida ".
In late Precambrian time , extension from a large tectonic plate or smaller plates moving away from Laurentia thinned its continental crust , forming large rift basins that would ultimately fail to split the continent.
By 1330 all new work had finally ceased , and Caernarfon and Beaumaris were never fully completed ..
She was quoted in an interview as saying , " The only passionate people I met in New York , were social workers.
Three Amylostereum species are symbionts of wood wasps in the genera Sirex , Urocerus , and <unk> , which infest conifers.
In stanza 44 , Odin poses the question to Vafþrúðnir as to who of mankind will survive the " famous " Fimbulwinter ( " Mighty Winter " ).
In March 1969 , James arranged to sell his and his partner 's shares of Northern Songs to the British broadcasting company Associated Television ( ATV ) , founded by impresario Lew Grade , without first informing the Beatles.
MS 350 soon enters Tishomingo County , curving around some hills.
He also became the minister of Hartford City ’ s First Presbyterian Church — serving from 1928 until 1936.
The ship 's sides were reinforced and two guns were transferred to the starboard side of the ship.
The damaged Dark Aster crash @-@ lands on Xandar , with Groot sacrificing himself to shield the group.
The statue of James II is an outdoor bronze sculpture located in the front garden of the National Gallery at Trafalgar Square in London , United Kingdom.
The Tennessee commissioners refused to submit to arbitration in the matter , and Rowan and Crittenden delivered separate reports to the Kentucky legislature.
In spite of the dome growth next to it , a new glacier formed rapidly inside the crater ..
It turns out she was successful in casting the spell , but Sephiroth has been preventing its release.
Notodden Airport proved to have too few passengers , resulting in the route being terminated after the end of the 1958 season.
The film directly quotes Chief of police James E. Davis : " We will hold trial on gunmen in the streets of Los Angeles.
He mentions that he studied from a text of Jerome 's Vulgate , which itself was from the Hebrew text.
After spending the 2008 – 09 season on loan at Oxford United , he signed for the club permanently in 2009.
Work on the German prototypes was carried out by two teams , including Team A composed of Porsche , Maschinenbau Kiel , Luther & Jordan and Jung @-@ <unk>.
The second battle of Svensksund had clearly showed that the smaller and nimble gunboats and <unk> were far more efficient in coastal warfare and had all but displaced " archipelago frigates " in the inshore squadrons by the Finnish War of 1808 – 09 ..
The third and fourth singles from One More Day were less successful : " Sweet Summer " made Top 20 , while " That 's Just That " failed to make Top 40.
Even in microgram amounts , handling 210Po is extremely dangerous , requiring specialized equipment ( a negative pressure alpha glove box equipped with high performance filters ) , adequate monitoring , and strict handling procedures to avoid any contamination.
Carte later acquired and refurbished Claridge 's ( 1893 ) , The Grand Hotel in Rome ( 1896 ) , Simpson 's @-@ in @-@ the @-@ Strand ( 1898 ) and The Berkeley ( 1900 ) ..
As Gwen and Rhys prepare to say their wedding vows , Jack runs up the aisle and demands that the wedding be halted.
Signage for NY 18F , however , exists as far south as the interchange between NY 104 and NY 18 south of the village.
Nearly all post- bryozoan sediments are made up of growth forms , with the addition to free @-@ living colonies which include significant numbers of various colonies.
Human fatalities as a result of bites from this species are rare due to the fact that this species does not often cross paths with humans , but bites have occurred and the majority of the recorded bites have been fatal.
To afford the pony , he applies for a loan through the Power Plant Credit Union.
McLean was chosen to start in the opening series against the top @-@ seeded Colorado Avalanche , but was pulled in favour of Hirsch during Game 1 after allowing three goals on 12 shots.
A U.S. national tour based on the 2008 revival began in San Francisco at the Golden Gate Theatre on September 18 , 2009.
He travels between games in the arcade , and ultimately must eliminate a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade , and one that Ralph himself inadvertently started ..
The Poitevin breed has very low numbers.
She defeated Yanina Wickmayer , Sara Errani , Coco Vandeweghe , and Flavia Pennetta en route to the final which she won in three sets against Agnieszka Radwańska.
They present an opportunity to recover shale oil from low @-@ grade deposits that traditional mining techniques could not extract ..
The magazine also published stories citing the origin myths of the Hutu , Tutsi and Twa , calling the king 's policies inconsistent with them.
The train is wrecked , and the sheriff , who is handcuffed to Bill , is killed.
The first series revolves around her leaving Mark for estate agent Trevor , whom she subsequently cheats in series two.
All of the Eon Bond films feature the unique gun barrel sequence , created by graphic artist Maurice Binder , which has been called by British media historian James Chapman " the trademark motif of the series ".
During the era of Stalinism , which had begun in Poland in the late ' 40s , all published works had to be directly approved by the communist regime.
<unk> , the industrial name for a columbite – tantalite mineral from which columbium ( i.e. niobium ) and tantalum are extracted , can also be found in Central Africa , which is why tantalum is being linked to warfare in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( formerly Zaire ).
He was one of many famous descendants of Mayflower passenger Richard Warren.
Users can also " like " ( formerly " favorite " ) individual tweets.
The number three , symbolizing the Trinity , appears again in the 3 / 8 time signature and in the use of three trumpets.
On August 25 , 2013 , the Sounders broke a new home field attendance record when 67 @,@ 385 fans turned out to watch them play the Portland Timbers ..
Some of the most notable of these transactions completed in the depths of the credit crunch include Apollo Management 's acquisition of the Citigroup Loan Portfolio ( 2008 ) and TPG Capital 's PIPE investment in Washington Mutual ( 2008 ).
The ship had a beam of 11 @.@ 30 meters ( 37 ft 1 in ) , and a maximum draft of 4 @.@ 23 meters ( 13 ft 11 in ).
In 2005 , Total Film named The Terminator the 72nd @-@ best film ever made.
" The challenge with that voice was to try to evolve it into something that had not been heard before , " says Bender.
The Thirlmere Aqueduct also passes through the Urmston area ..
Brown criticized the mode , saying that its difficulty was not properly scaled ..
To Raëlians , this was possible because the Elohim had advanced DNA synthesis and genetic engineering.
Although music critics and Harrison biographers have generally viewed the album track in an unfavourable light , several concert reviewers identified it as an effective opener for the shows.
Koechlin has been a part of numerous fashion shows , including the Lakme Fashion Week , India International Jewellery Week , and Mijwan Fashion Show ( Shabana Azmi 's annual fund raiser ).
From several column options , Degenkolb chose cantilevered columns designed in a cruciform shape , built from four steel angles measuring 6 by 6 inches ( 15 cm × 15 cm ).
A few years later , when World War I broke out , Tatiana became a Red Cross nurse with her mother and Olga.
The amount of available resources and reactors determines which types of units are deployed and the upgrades they can earn.
" Floyd says that the third @-@ party investigation report commissioned by Olympus infers " there had been no need to tell Mr. Woodford about what had happened because the fraud was finally behind the company when Mr. Woodford took the job.
We saw what she was capable of , what she wanted to say , where she wanted to be , what she wanted to be.
The prohibition of this species was upheld by Amendment 1 of the FMP , added in 2003.
The 2nd was eventually reformed with new recruits and saw service in Holland in 1813 – 14.
6 Mbit of RAM are allocated to data for programs , pictures , and sounds ; 512 Kbit to PCM waveform memory ; 128 Kbit to CD @-@ ROM data cache memory ; and an additional 64 Kbit are allocated as backup memory.
Because actors , a lot of times , think about their characters more than the writers because they ’ re focused on that single character for months of their lives , if not years.
On his set 's chalkboard he uses the first letters of keywords that he writes to spell out Wendy 's intent to " kill Smurfs " which concerns Butters and some other students.
At the time , cricketers who wished to play competitive first @-@ class matches for a county in which they were not born had to live there for two years to qualify ..
He claims that a war is raging between the aliens and that the Rebel immolations are meant to halt the impending colonization of Earth.
The bombers had already completed their bomb run and were returning to England.
For example , a nine @-@ month parental leave is divided into thirds in Iceland.
The Chronicle of Melrose reports Clement 's death under the year 1258.
Vincent Henry and Dan Warner played the guitar , the latter also provided the ukulele , Hal <unk> played the horn and Robert <unk> was responsible for the percussion ..
On third down , Suggs gained the first down with a run up the middle.
However , the economic impacts of past pandemics have not been intensively studied , and some authors have suggested that the Spanish influenza actually had a positive long @-@ term effect on per @-@ capita income growth , despite a large reduction in the working population and severe short @-@ term depressive effects.
While the criterion for determining eligibility may vary from program to program , the objective that only eligible individuals or organizations participate is consistent across all federal programs , which forms the basis of this compliance requirement.
Foreign rebel groups are also in the Congo , as they have been for most of the last half @-@ century.
From late October , it spent six weeks at number @-@ one on the ARIA Singles Chart.
In total some 3 @.@ 6 million people suffered direct effects from this cyclone ..
The song was originally announced as a single , but was never officially released from the album ..
His memorial service was held on July 7 , 2009 , at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , preceded by a private family service at Forest Lawn Memorial Park 's Hall of Liberty.
The team fell into last place for the first time since 1898.
It 's also looking at the world and saying , ' It 's not as black and white as you think.
With a squeak in her voice , she repeats the chorus for the final time as she fights to remain strong , not allowing her agony to bring her down ..
However , as work progressed on " Aqua " , the character was recognized to have potential for his own series.
Collecting Flowers adds flowers to the gate at the end of each level ( not including boss levels ).
Around the same time , McGuinness said the album was slated for an early 2011 release.
The Lutheranism that influenced the early Scottish Reformation attempted to accommodate Catholic musical traditions into worship , drawing on Latin hymns and vernacular songs.
As the three men continued their attack on Tanahashi , they were also joined by Tama Tonga , with whom Anderson had formed a partnership during the past two weeks.
As the building was intended to be a comfortable residence as well as a stronghold , latrines were built into the walls , and four fireplaces provided warmth ..
A start of fresh hostilities between the British and French in Europe would have been sufficient reason for Tipu to abrogate his treaty and further his ambition of striking at the British.
" He was one of only several post @-@ war cartoonists to have won a total of three Pulitzers for his work and he was the only cartoonist named on Nixon 's Enemies List.
Among the most important new structures were an <unk> , a Stadium , and an expansive palace on the Palatine Hill , known as the Flavian Palace , which was designed by Domitian 's master architect <unk>.
The current candle was built in 1990 , and is expected to last until about 2014 , after which time Easton officials expect to build a new one.
Despite some possible local declines , the species is not the subject of significant conservation concerns owing to its large European population and an expansion of its range over the last century.
By the time of rehearsals , however , Leno persuaded Collins that he was well enough to take part , and the cast was reshuffled to accommodate him.
The second line passed through them onto their objectives.
In contrast , Cornelius Castoriadis , a radical political philosopher but strong critic of Marxism , has been mentioned as a marking influence in her thinking.
With regard to adapting the characters from the book to film , Ron Clements mentioned that the Jim Hawkins in the book is " a very smart , very capable kid " , but they wanted to make Jim start out as " a little troubled kid " who " doesn 't really know who he is " while retaining the aforementioned characteristics from the original character.
The decoration should not be seen as an affront to the traditional and typical Quaker style used in meeting houses.
Władysław could not go against the decision of the Sejm and Senate , and agreed to support the treaty.
In May 1930 , he was present at a banquet in honor of Italian author Filippo Tommaso Marinetti , the ideologue of Futurism.
Harrison 's troops buried their own dead on the site of their camp.
Also named in his honour is The Bobby Orr Community Centre , a multi @-@ purpose entertainment facility located in his hometown of Parry Sound , Ontario.
The system slowly crossed southern India , emerging into the Arabian Sea on October 21.
In contrast , Aaron Rutkoff of The Wall Street Journal was less enthusiastic about the episode , expressing , " truth be told , after three episodes very little has happened so far this season.
GamesTM said " It 's one of those mixed @-@ bag situations – flashes of genius and genuinely enjoyable moments of success , occasionally mired by unbalanced weapon damage , clumsy AI and the odd bit of unfair level design that requires astounding feats of memory ".
In Egypt , however , she confronted the fact that British occupation had never been popular.
In 1912 , an illegitimate daughter was born – Rachel Siegmann , about whom Anne Marie never learned.
The film received generally positive reviews and was a box office success , grossing US $ 4 @.@ 2 million against a budget of less than $ 500 @,@ 000.
Wenger , who had moderate success coaching in France and Japan , recognised Bergkamp 's talent and wanted to use him as a fulcrum of the team 's forward play.
It also issues catastrophe bonds which transfer catastrophic risks from borrowers to investors.
Ball and her coauthors argued that the episode demonstrated how students can " do mathematics in school " , as opposed to the usual reduction of the discipline to the mechanical solution of exercises ..
Ultimately , Maryland defeated Nevada in the Humanitarian Bowl and finished the season with an 8 – 5 record.
In the second quarter , Robinson also threw a 33 @-@ yard touchdown pass to Roundtree and another 75 @-@ yard pass to Roundtree to set up Michigan 's third touchdown.
Another very important mode is the G mode ( G from graphite ).
Technically the monarch may appoint as prime minister anyone she wants to appoint , but in practice the appointee is always the person who commands a majority in the House of Commons.
In 1963 he was awarded the City of Bayreuth 's Wagner Medal ; he was given honorary membership of the Royal Manchester College of Music in 1968 , and of the Royal Academy of Music in 1972.
Clouzot wrote the script for Fresnay 's only directorial feature Le Duel , as well as two plays for him : On <unk> les <unk> , which was performed in December 1940 , and Comédie en trois actes , which was performed in 1942.
) Anyway , Carl is necessarily upset about this , and he ’ s also upset when Holly Holliday gets Emma to admit that she still has confusing feelings for Will , so he resolves to let her stay in the condo while he stays in the Radisson where all of the good big @-@ name Glee guest stars go to hope their pilots for the fall are picked up.
North of the Krishna River , the summer monsoon is responsible for most rainfall ; to the south , significant post @-@ monsoon rainfall also occurs in October and November.
In 1935 , the Reichsmarine was renamed the Kriegsmarine.
The next day , more warnings were issued , including tornado , small craft , and special marine warnings.
Victorino hit a walk @-@ off single to drive in Pedro Feliz and solidify his victory in the All @-@ Star Final Vote , which was announced the next day.
A century later , the situation was very different.
The collection was followed in 2009 by the novel Tea For Two , which was first published as a serial in Kompas ..
Two large , ram @-@ like horns extend from opposite sides of his left wrist , toward and slightly beyond his elbow.
Mencherês is believed to be a Hellenized form of Menkauhor , and Africanus ' nine @-@ year figure fits well with the eight years of reign given to Menkauhor on the Turin canon , the latter figure being considered by some Egyptologists , including Hartwig Altenmüller , as more likely than the former ..
Quatermass steals a guard 's uniform from a lorry to gain entry to the plant.
Most of the H @-@ class ships were sent to the Mediterranean in May in case Mussolini decided to attack France and the majority of the surviving Gs were sent to Force H at Gibraltar in July.
Nine returning characters from previous Crash titles star in the home console version of Crash : Mind over Mutant.
The ship 's main armament consisted of a dozen Obukhovskii 12 @-@ inch ( 305 mm ) Pattern 1907 52 @-@ calibre guns mounted in four triple turrets distributed the length of the ship.
On 28 August , he played at a concert in Manchester 's Concert Hall , sharing the stage with Marietta Alboni and Lorenzo Salvi ..
Schultz writes that the food is simple and that some of the beers are decent.
When a storm begins , the crew start to set sail.
Raymond II could further not make peace with the Muslims without the permission of the Hospitallers.
" Alternative Press gave it four stars out of five and said , " It 's apparent it takes deft skill to sound this simple.
Dissolved inert gases such as nitrogen or helium can form bubbles in the blood and tissues of the diver if the partial pressures of the dissolved gases in the diver gets too high when compared to the ambient pressure.
" Tamsyn Wilce from Alter The Press commented on her vocals on Demi , stating " it shows just how strong her vocal chords are and the variation of styles that she can completely work to make her own.
On 1 February , Captain Beach received a message from Rear Admiral Lawrence R. " Dan " Daspit ( COMSUBLANT ) instructing Beach to attend a top secret meeting at The Pentagon on 4 February 1960 that led to the execution of Operation Sandblast , the first submerged circumnavigation of the world ..
Washington 's special teams were considered to be average ..
Annual costs for the air training scheme alone far exceeded the pre @-@ war national budget ..
While reviewing the album Jody Rosen of Vulture hailed the song as " beatific " and added that it had potential to become a future hit.
In September 1991 , Bijeljina was established by the Bosnian Serbs as the capital of the Serbian Autonomous Oblast of Northern Bosnia , later renamed in November as the Serbian Autonomous Oblast of Semberija , renamed again in December as the " Serbian Autonomous Oblast of Semberija and Majevica ".
Alternative and more profitable uses for land can also lead to existing aerodromes being threatened with closure , for example North Weald , or actually being closed , as happened to Ipswich <unk> and Bristol Filton Airport.
It is the only planet whose name is derived from a figure of Greek mythology.
No weapons or tools were put there , but clay vessels , decorations , attire elements and spurs , if the deceased was well @-@ positioned enough to possess a horse.
The interim ceremony , however , was delayed until January 30 , 2008 , while the City of Chicago granted occupancy approval for the staff of the hotel in the first 27 floors.
" Space Race " is imbued with various references relating to music , cinema , media , and other popular culture entities.
After two years at the head of the Second Cruiser Squadron , and further visits to Spain ( where his niece Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg was Queen ) , he was appointed second @-@ in @-@ command of the Mediterranean Fleet as acting vice @-@ admiral with HMS Venerable as his flagship ..
He wrote later that , having put off his uniform , he simply " returned to being a <unk> " ..
At the same time , he is also often criticised for other actions , such as his brutal conduct towards the Scots , and issuing the Edict of Expulsion in 1290 , by which the Jews were expelled from England.
On the Moon , Paxton watches footage of Colonel Phillip Green ( " The Savage Curtain " ).
After having captured or destroyed the forts in the valley , the plan called for Gillespie to either move eastwards to expel Amar Singh Thapa 's troops from Srinagar , or westwards to take Nahan , the largest town in the <unk> district , where Amar Singh 's son , <unk> Singh Thapa , controlled the government.
It was released on August 3 , 2010.
He happily joins the hospital of Travancore and begins work in anatomy and physiology.
During the first arc of the Batgirl comic book series entitled " Silent Running " , Cassandra Cain encounters a psychic who " reprograms " her brain , enabling her to comprehend verbal language , while simultaneously losing the ability to predict movements.
Challenge Awards could be earned by participating in activities in various Programme Zones such as outdoors , fitness , community or international.
Second ending : Charles and Sarah have a rash sexual encounter in which Charles realises that Sarah was a virgin.
Metagenomic analysis pipelines use two approaches in the annotation of coding regions in the assembled contigs.
He told his students that it should be possible to produce an orchestration without resorting to glockenspiels , <unk> , xylophones , bells or electrical instruments.
In the five times the event had been contested , Australia 's best result was a silver in the inaugural race.
The remainder of the song consists of descriptions of and encounters with a dry out house , a cleaning lady , a feminist wearing anti @-@ nicotine and anti @-@ nuclear badges , and a " half @-@ wit " child.
Batman manages to save Robin and Chase.
The two finally meet , and Kenshin collapses into her arms as he clutches her to him.
The species , which resembles the extant genera Marasmius and Marasmiellus , is inferred to have been saprobic on plant litter or other forest debris ..
While crossing Florida , the system weakened significantly , falling to Category 1 intensity late on September 17.
Once his squadron arrived in Tripoli , <unk> sent the <unk> into the harbor under a flag of truce in order to begin negotiations with Karamanli 's government.
The couple had two children , Majorie June Dean , born in 1927 and William Dean , Jr.
Jupiter is the only planet whose barycenter with the Sun lies outside the volume of the Sun , though by only 7 % of the Sun 's radius.
The episode follows Griffin family neighbor Glenn Quagmire 's sister , Brenda , as she struggles with physical and mental abuse at the hands of her boyfriend , and eventual fiancé , Jeff.
At the same time , snow , ice and several entire glaciers on the volcano melted , forming a series of large lahars ( volcanic mudslides ) that reached as far as the Columbia River , nearly 50 miles ( 80 km ) to the southwest.
These traits suggest that the fungus is a moderate pathogen , with limited ability to cause reductions in seed germination.
After Butler ordered his men re @-@ embarked onto their transports on 26 December , the monitor was towed to Beaufort by the gunboat Fort Jackson ..
Travers wrote that " perhaps Philipps was a poor commander " but the opening attacks on Mametz Wood demonstrated the faults of the entire command structure , not just of Philipps , as there was pressure from the top down to get results.
Rosecroft Raceway went into the record books on October 10 , 1992 , when a three @-@ horse dead heat occurred in the seventh race.
Demand for water continued to rise , so in 1876 the Corporation undertook a major expansion of the pumping station.
Birds have been seen using walking tracks to forage along.
This force was initially ordered to support Bompart , but was later tasked with escorting the squadron 's survivors back to France.
In addition , the husband of Marie Curie 's second daughter , Henry <unk> , was the director of UNICEF when it won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965 ..
In a landmark paper published in 1950 , he introduced a concept of the number of positions in which two code words differ , and therefore how many changes are required to transform one code word into another , which is today known as the Hamming distance.
Upon taking Tutbury Edward ordered D 'Amory 's corpse to be posthumously executed for treason.
Around this time , the company had reached 339 locations , 51 of which were franchises , and $ 300 @.@ 4 million in revenues.
By December 5 , the storm was no longer identifiable and is presumed to have dissipated offshore.
The script was locally written and intended to explore the " psyche of the three main characters ".
" In 1968 , authorised Beatles biographer Hunter Davies wrote : " But for the sake of Pete 's career , whatever happened to the Beatles afterward , the handling and especially the announcing of the sacking might have been done more neatly and cleanly.
In addition , there are entities whose names , according to Monette , are borrowed from or influenced by figures from Classical sources and astronomy , such as <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ..
Instead , the Byzantines offered peace , informing him of both the Byzantine foot and maritime campaign , but intentionally did not notify him of the planned Magyar attack.
Crash magazine praised the ZX Spectrum version of the game for its detailed sprites and smooth movements , playability , and combat system.
For Tierney , the most interesting part of the story Lesser tells in the book is how people with strong and different opinions and temperaments learned to work together and to give television " a little bit of class ".
In the final relief appearance of Ramírez 's first stint with the major league club , he faced the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on July 20.
He departed for England , where he arrived on 17 September ..
CMLL followed up the decision to vacate the championship by holding an eight @-@ team tournament that spanned their February 21 and February 28 , 1997 Super Viernes shows.
It has reportedly lost over 50 percent of its volume since 1920 with 25 percent of that occurring between the years 1980 @-@ 1999.
By the seventh passage , the vaccine strains could no longer infect nervous tissue or cause paralysis.
Thank you for helping to bring down the # wall.
Other athletics venues include the Aquatic Center , Tennis Complex , softball fields , and various other recreational fields.
He co @-@ hosted the British television show Full Metal Challenge , in which teams built vehicles to compete in various driving and racing contests , from 2002 to 2003 on Channel 4 and TLC.
In March 1938 the ground 's record attendance was set when 28 @,@ 123 people watched York play Huddersfield Town in the FA Cup.
Keating was a professor of history at North Central College.
The perianth is grey @-@ cream in bud , maturing to a more yellow or cream.
For AJ 's Infinite Summer , Jones was inspired by his hometown , as well as the comics he drew that featured AJ and his other friends , Danny Davy and Morgan.
He expressed the view that " Soviet government is many millions of times more democratic than the most democratic @-@ bourgeois republic " , the latter of which was simply " a democracy for the rich ".
Mary Kom grossed ₹ 1 @.@ 04 billion ( US $ 15 million ) at the box @-@ office and was a commercial success ..
These three royal clans played a strong role in preserving the historical precincts of Gyeongju into modern times.
I 'd put that as one of my top ten films , period.
Here , too , there is pursuit , the guardians being female griffins.
Schumacher explained the weight gain as a consequence of a fitness regime over the winter that had converted excess fat to muscle , and also admitted to eating and drinking heavily , in addition to refraining from using the toilet , prior to the weigh @-@ in ..
The game was published in Europe by Rising Star Games alongside other Marvelous products including Valhalla Knights : Eldar Saga and Arc Rise Fantasia.
In 1927 , Reynolds and Reynolds won a contract to provide all of the business forms for Chevrolet dealerships.
It ’ s always there for someone to pick up , polish off , blow the dust off of it , and re @-@ release it.
By this time Huskisson was suffering severe spasms , and those present were having to hold his arms and legs down to stop him falling off the sofa.
Saint Joan ( 1923 ) drew widespread praise both for Shaw and for Sybil Thorndike , for whom he wrote the title role and who created the part in Britain.
They approached Powderfinger and fellow Australian acts Custard and You Am I to also appear on the steps of the Sydney Opera House.
Many complaints about the PC version stemmed from the fact that the game was not optimized for the PC when it was ported.
He regularly recorded for The Simpsons and filmed Herman 's Head during the same day.
But after the publication of The Lord of the Rings ( finished c.
General Thomas Gage , already the commander @-@ in @-@ chief of British troops in North America , was also appointed governor of Massachusetts and was instructed by King George 's government to enforce royal authority in the troublesome colony.
As in the United States Flag Code , no other flags must be placed higher than the Bhutanese flag , the flag cannot be used as a cover or drape ( with some exceptions ) and the flag must not touch the ground.
In 1957 , parliament started a new process to consider Heimdal as the primary airport , in part because the airlines and the Civil Aviation Administration stated that they felt Værnes was insufficient.
Rutherford spent two years as a judge 's intern , became an official court reporter at age 20 , and was admitted to the Missouri bar in May 1892 at age 22.
However , her rodeo career was abruptly cut short in a riding accident during a performance at Olympia Arena in Detroit , Michigan.
Her elbows rest on an unseen parapet that coincides with the lower edge of the painted stone frame , acting as a trompe @-@ l 'œil which situates her both in the same reality and in closer proximity to the viewer.
After two weeks Lennon asked to sleep in a separate room , saying he could only meditate when he was alone , but walked down to the local post office every morning to see if he had received a telegram from Ono , who sent one almost daily.
Edward responded by invading Scotland in 1296 and taking the town of Berwick in a particularly bloody attack.
Its planes did not fly after the first few hours of contact.
The album was preceded by the release of the lead single , " The Way " , featuring American rapper Mac Miller.
This is the analogue of Batesian mimicry within a single species , and occurs when there is a palatability spectrum within a population.
No teeth are in the lower jaw and frogs usually swallow their food whole.
The song 's music video was directed by Francis Lawrence and produced by Caleb Dewart of DNA Inc.
They have certain specific duties , such as greeting new students arriving at Astraea Hill , participating in important school events , and serving as mediator between disputes in student council meetings of the three schools , among others.
Feeling that the TX was now capable of taking on European entries , both TXs were entered in the 6 Hours of Watkins Glen , another round of the International Championship.
West performed the freestyle alongside Pusha T , a rapper signed to his GOOD Music Label ..
As the episode did not heavily feature his character , since it is framed as a flashback , Duchovny was able to focus on pre @-@ production.
While the Old Trafford pitch was not as suited to bodyline as the hard Australian wickets , Martindale did take 5 for 73 , but Constantine only took 1 for 55.
" Danny Gallagher of TVSquad felt that the episode marked the return of the Futurama 's " true sense of emotion , " comparing it to previous episodes like season four 's " Jurassic Bark ".
In 1888 the US Steamboat Inspection Service made a requirement that plugs were to be made of pure <unk> tin and replaced annually.
As attitudes changed , the Proprietors bought back sections of the waterway which had previously been sold off ..
By 1619 Virginia 's system of indentured service would be fully developed , and subsequent colonies would adopt the method with modifications suitable to their different conditions and times.
He grabs pipes , and creates a ring around the symbiote , creating a wall of sonic vibrations.
These numbers included 717 unique player corporations and involved 55 unique player alliances.
The ruins stand on the highest point of Blakeney Eye at about 2 m ( 7 ft ) above sea level.
The production staff also spread sand onto the floor of the cave sets in order to make it look different from other episodes in which the sets had been used.
Twenty of the workers survived , but twenty @-@ one died.
The World Heritage Site covers the area of rock engravings ..
" Runaway Daydreamer " , as with the rest of Wanderlust , was co @-@ written by its producer Ed Harcourt along with Ellis @-@ Bextor.
After having Alyx leave temporarily , Eli reveals to Gordon that it was the G @-@ Man , whom he refers to as " our mutual friend , " who provided Black Mesa with the test sample that caused the " resonance cascade " ( the Black Mesa incident ) in Half @-@ Life , and whispered that same strange warning to him just as Gordon entered the test chamber.
He argued that if capitalism were managed domestically and internationally ( with coordinated international Keynesian policies , an international monetary system that didn 't pit the interests of countries against each other , and a high degree of freedom of trade ) , then this system of managed capitalism could promote peace rather than conflict between countries.
He scored 46 in the second match , but was struck painfully on his weak arm by a short ball from Keith Miller , whom he encountered for the first time.
The Android and iOS versions will be released in late 2016 ..
The Giants won the series four games to one , giving Posey ( who batted .300 with a home run and two RBI in the Series ) his first World Series ring.
He instead argued that aggregate demand determined the overall level of economic activity and that inadequate aggregate demand could lead to prolonged periods of high unemployment.
According to Chicago Tribune Pulitzer Prize @-@ winning architecture critic Blair Kamin , the list of contenders was controversial because no Chicago @-@ based architects were included as finalists despite the fact that prominent Chicago architects such as Helmut Jahn and Stanley Tigerman were among the 23 semi @-@ finalists.
Skinner suspends Mulder , but Mulder vows to prove his theory right.
A temple was constructed in Nubia at <unk> , and he built temple structures in Upper Egypt at Elephantine , Kom <unk> , Abydos , and the Temple of Nekhbet.
Despite the cold water temperatures and unfavorable strong upper @-@ level winds , Epsilon maintained its intensity , and the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory ( GFDL ) model predicted it would remain a hurricane for nearly three days ..
She displaced 3 @,@ 180 t ( 3 @,@ 130 long tons ; 3 @,@ 510 short tons ) at full combat load.
DePeyster also sent out Joseph <unk> , a local Indian interpreter , to recruit from tribes closer to the fort.
Madhavan began his acting career with television guest appearances , including a role on the Zee TV prime @-@ time soap opera <unk> <unk> Baat in 1996.
As with Massachusetts , downed trees and property damage were widespread.
Page 11 depicts a death god with a javelin , pointing his weapon at a water vessel containing a snail.
The basal platform of the North Acropolis covers an area of just under 1 hectare ( 2 @.@ 5 acres ) ; measuring approximately 100 by 80 metres ( 330 by 260 ft ).
While there was generally little combat , the most significant engagement occurred when elements of the American 3rd Battalion 75th Ranger Regiment seized Haditha Dam on 31 March 2003.
While European males castigated the " slavery " of Indian women , captive women from this time commonly chose to remain in Native society rather than return to colonial English settlements ..
Co @-@ starring alongside Aamir Khan , R. Madhavan and Sharman Joshi , Kapoor played Pia ( a medical student and Khan 's love interest ).
After leaving Geneva on 8 February , the Hański family spent several months visiting the major cities of Italy.
Each day was based on a different theme : Day 1 was preliminary , day 2 was campaigning , day 3 was observation , day 4 for woodcraft , day 5 was chivalry , day 6 was saving a life , day 7 was patriotism , and day 8 was the conclusion.
Initially , his dragoons , assigned to support Friant 's division , occupied a position of observation on the Marchfeld.
The staff members of Idolator showed high favoritism for the acclaimed the campaign , further stating the fact that " when Beyonce tells people to dance , they tend to listen " and so they considered that it was " a pretty genius move " on Michelle Obama ’ s part to get Beyoncé in on her ' Let 's Move ! ' campaign to fight childhood obesity.
Andrianampoinimerina gave Besakana to his adopted daughter Ramavo ( later to become Radama 's wife and eventually Queen Ranavalona I ).
When the clash came , at Nootka Sound in 1789 , it was not between Spain and Russia but between Spain and Britain.
The lower jaw is solid and heavy.
There are four main function rooms in the complex : the 100 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 30 m ) ballroom — the largest Georgian interior in Bath ; the tea room ; the card room ; and the octagon.
Ultimately , costs and benefits should be weighed against one another on a case @-@ by @-@ case basis in planning wildland fire management operations ..
Once locked , activity by that account on other computers must first be approved by the user on the locked computer.
Coronado never reached the Gulf of California , and Alarcón eventually gave up and left.
In 1938 , Turnbull enlisted in the 12 / 24th Light Horse Regiment , a militia unit.
" And its apparent independence from the rest of Sibelius 's work is manifest only at a superficial level " ..
The horse was pointed to the Prince of Wales 's Stakes at Royal Ascot , with European jockey William Buick , who rode Prince Bishop in Dubai , tapped to ride.
In keeping with the theme of Pokémon , it features Pokémon collection , where while the players play pinball , they must also capture the eponymous creatures ..
Rihanna promoted " What Now " on Alan Carr : Chatty Man and the song is included on the set list of her Diamonds World Tour ( 2013 ).
Captain America : The First Avenger is the third highest @-@ grossing motion picture set during the World War II era , after Saving Private Ryan and Pearl Harbor ..
After Ayane and Hayate kill Kasumi 's clone , they breach into the lab , but Hayate is captured by Rig and Ayane is forced to flee.
Funk asked Foley to apologize for what happened to Dreamer.
The shadows of Venetian blinds or banister rods , cast upon an actor , a wall , or an entire set , are an iconic visual in noir and had already become a cliché well before the neo @-@ noir era.
In 1960s and 1970s America , exploitation and art films shared audiences and marketing , especially in New York City 's grindhouse cinemas ..
( at 1 : 20 ) Alec Meer of Rock , Paper , Shotgun complimented the mod for keeping the game fresh and capturing the feeling of surviving impossible odds , and gave the mod his strongest possible recommendation.
Bob Costas suggested that MLB was lucky to avoid this situation as he believed they had " no reasonable tiebreaker " to deal with it.
In February 1937 , Hely took part in the search for a missing Stinson airliner that was eventually found in the McPherson Range , Queensland , five of its seven passengers and crew dead ..
" Master Teacher " was conceived by Georgia Anne Muldrow on her Rhodes piano at Sa @-@ Ra 's Cosmic Dust Studio with Badu present and was originally intended for one of their albums.
" Stannard commented about the fondness between Halliwell and Rowe : " I don 't want to get into the side of things.
The waterway itself did not offer protection , but alongside there were ridges up to 10 m ( 33 ft ) high.
Most were taken to southern Slovenia , where they were killed and their bodies thrown into deep <unk> in the Kočevski Rog area ..
In 1973 the Republic of Ireland joined the European Economic Community while the United Kingdom , and Northern Ireland , as part of it , did the same ..
But this Thane of Cawdor would be unnerved by Banquo 's valet , never mind Banquo 's ghost.
In South America , all potential foreign threats to Rosas 's plans of conquest collapsed , including Gran Colombia and the Peru – Bolivian Confederation , or were troubled by internal turmoil , as was the Empire of Brazil.
In 1905 , Villa won the FA Cup with a then record crowd of 101 @,@ 117 watching the match at Crystal Palace , where Villa beat Newcastle United 2 – 0.
The 2 / 14th were moved to a camp near Jerusalem , and during this time command of the battalion passed to Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Key , who had previously commanded the 2 / 8th Battalion.
The Centre Party was opposed to NATO membership until September 2015 , when party leadership under Annie <unk> announced that they would motion to change the party policy in order to push for Sweden to join NATO at their next party conference.
British forces boarded the damaged ship and eventually deported the passengers.
As directors , Minkoff and Allers " work [ ed ] very closely with the actors to create their performance.
While Alice in Chains were writing for the album in 2011 , Cantrell required surgery , which delayed recording the new material.
The " Sweet Machine " video was shortened , and the request song in Argentina , " Like a Virgin " , was not aired.
Stark later recovers the Tesseract from the ocean floor but is unable to locate Rogers or the aircraft , presuming him dead ..
In one story , Bullet is called to a case in which a " pushy dame " ( Calvin 's mother ) accuses him of destroying an expensive lamp ( broken during an indoor football game between Calvin and Hobbes ).
Napoleon ordered Bernadotte 's I Corps to support Vandamme 's left and moved his own command center from <unk> Hill to St. Anthony 's Chapel on the Pratzen Heights.
On 29 August 1942 , during the Battle of Isurava , Kingsbury was one of the few survivors of a platoon that had been overrun by the Japanese.
The dive computer keeps track of residual gas loading for each tissue used in the algorithm.
So it was not such a good idea.
However , he found a " distinct lack of fanfare surrounding the book ".
The small regiment was instead withdrawn to Washington shortly after Lee 's surrender and served as provost guards in the capital.
Just as they had before the 2010 Giro , the team suspended Alessandro Ballan and Mauro Santambrogio , members of the Lampre – NGC team in 2009 who were named in the investigation.
In addition , even the XR @-@ 1A 's improvements had failed to cure the aircraft of all of its control and vibration problems , and the AAF 's Air Material Command considered the company " inept " in its work , applying a " hit @-@ or @-@ miss method " to research and development.
Therefore , in the song " <unk> Jet " — the closing theme of the second season of the anime — she tried to capture the image of Syaoran growing from his naïve self into a young man through the meetings and <unk> over his journey and Syaoran 's continuing protection of his loved one in spite of adversity.
The battle ended in a stalemate with Ali entering into arbitration with Muawiyah ..
They registered their new name , Woolwich Arsenal , with The Football League when the club ascended later that year.
Increasing trade and commerce meant that the respective nations and societies increased their exposure to new goods and markets , thus increasing the GDP of each nation or society that was involved in the trade system.
I have therefore no objection to calling it real and unreal , and thus being called an <unk> or a <unk>.
Some forage was provided from New York , but it was never sufficient for the army 's needs.
Dhaka is home to the largest Bangladeshi newspapers , including the leading Bengali dailies <unk> Alo , Ittefaq , <unk> , <unk> , Amar Desh and <unk>.
The station had a single platform on the up side.
Unable to communicate with the 1st and 2nd Platoons , George moved forward with the 3rd Platoon only to find his lead platoons held in their positions by enemy fire.
Dracula was listed as the third top villain of 2006 by Game Informer , citing the final boss fight in Portrait of Ruin as the reason.
" Conversely , Los Angeles Times correspondent Todd VanDerWerff opined that it was hard to invest in Esther , in addition to Rex and Oswald , and though her death was intended as the " one big , emotional moment of the finale " it came across to him as " kind of a dud ".
The fat of birds that had been feeding on tortoise eggs was bright orange and was used as a remedy for people recovering from illness.
This state of affairs lasted until 1905 , when Einstein presented heuristic arguments that under various circumstances , such as when considering the photoelectric effect , light exhibits behaviors indicative of a particle nature ..
The oldest known mentions of the pisco sour are from a 1921 magazine attributing Morris as the inventor and a 1924 advertisement for Morris ' Bar published in a newspaper from the port of Valparaíso , Chile ..
These locks served to lower the level of the canal by 64 feet ( 20 m ) over a distance of 600 feet ( 183 m ).
Before the passing of the 1963 Act , the only exceptions to the normal statute of limitations ( three years after the events that caused the injury , as established by the Law Reform ( Limitation of Actions , etc.
Fish ponds surrounded Sumerian temples by 2 500 BC and a Chinese classical text credited to the 5th @-@ century BC businessman Fan Li is the earliest known work on fish farming.
The rectifier , auxiliary rectifiers , controllers and the error and diagnostic system is of the same type as used on the NSB Class 70 multiple units ..
The length of an average adult is 1 @.@ 4 to 2 @.@ 2 m ( 4 @.@ 6 to 7 @.@ 2 ft ) , but they may attain lengths of 2 @.@ 7 metres ( 8 @.@ 9 feet ) , and lengths up to 3 @.@ 1 metres ( 10 feet ) are also possible in rare cases.
Kuznetsova began the season by reaching the final at the Medibank International in Sydney , losing to world No. 1 Henin in the final set.
One of the main difficulties in the sales process was that Widerøe could not afford to purchase Norsk Air 's hangar at the airport.
In 1812 Lamu gained an unexpected victory at the Battle of <unk> over the forces of Pate and Mombasa.
The artwork was initially amateurish , and although it improved over the years , even the better artists such as Virgil Finlay and Lawrence Stevens continued to produce cliched depictions of half @-@ dressed women threatened by robots or aliens.
After this closure , the business loop was split into two sections , and only the northern one was retained as a signed state highway.
" When her family finally did return home , they found it had not been damaged , and her school had sustained only light damage ..
Carte 's hotels have remained among the most prestigious in London , with the London Evening Standard calling the Savoy " London 's most famous hotel " in 2009.
Although it is often taken for granted , it is not at all clear how one can infer the validity of a general statement from a number of specific instances or infer the truth of a theory from a series of successful tests.
ADS 9731 is an even rarer multiple system in the constellation , composed of six stars , two of which are spectroscopic binaries ..
Burnet had similar doubts , particularly given his taciturn nature , but applied for the position anyway.
Indurain became the first Spanish rider to win the Giro d 'Italia in consecutive years.
In 2010 he was paired with Steph Cunningham , who was later killed on @-@ screen after Stenson quit her role.
The king again employed Ealdred as a diplomat in 1056 , when he assisted earls Harold and Leofric in negotiations with the Welsh.
With Auden , he discovered T. S. Eliot 's The Waste Land , which they read again and again , " with growing awe ".
Warhol is further regarded for his iconic serial celebrity silkscreens of such people as Elvis Presley , Marilyn Monroe and Liz Taylor , produced during his 1962 – 1964 <unk> phase.
Having initially announced a new album entitled So Help Me God slated for a 2014 release , in March 2015 West announced that the album would instead be tentatively called SWISH.
With this broad network of acquaintances and reputation for free @-@ thinking publications , Johnson became the favourite publisher of a generation of writers and thinkers.
The water building up on the deck quickly exceeded the ship 's minimal ability to right itself , and water continued to pour in until it ran down into the hold ; the ship quickly sank to a depth of 32 m ( 105 ft ) only 120 m ( 390 ft ) from shore.
Subsequently , a steering group was created to set up the new club.
Consequently the public were , likely enough , beginning to agree with me.
" Slant Magazine included the album on their Vital Pop : 50 Essential Pop Albums list in June 2003 ..
When Philomena Goins Doctor found out what her son had done , she became enraged and threatened to disown him , shook him , then slapped him.
While on its erratic path off the northern Gulf Coast , Juan killed 12 people , nine of whom offshore due to overturned oil rigs or boats.
She was surrounded by dancers dressed as employees and columns of LED lighting , suggesting the façade of a glitzy hotel on the Vegas Strip.
The feminine form could also be written with an egg as determinative , connecting goddesses with creation and birth , or with a cobra , reflecting the use of the cobra to depict many female deities ..
I love Dylan 's words , but even more than that , I love the fact that he loves words.
John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono received a phone call from the festival 's promoters John Brower and Kenny Walker , and then quickly assembled a band in a very short space of time to play at the festival , which was due to start the following day.
In his childhood , Juster spent much time listening to the radio.
The forces immediately came under gunfire from heavily armed militants hunkered down behind sandbagged positions on the roof and from holes in the walls of the mosque.
Missions are tasks undertaken by a clan.
Shepherd unintentionally helps her to get back to work by talking to her during her housewarming party and taking her on a fishing trip where she feels other emotions besides fear ..
It reached the top of the album charts in Hungary , and top @-@ ten in France , Israel , Italy , Russia , and Spain , though failed to achieve high chart positions similar to the singer 's previous live releases in the United States and United Kingdom.
During seasons one to five , " New York Street " was the only set the writers could use to replicate New York City.
According to <unk> in 2005 , " Capcom 's The Punisher was a brutally violent fighter that perfectly captured the anti @-@ hero it was based on.
In 1991 – 92 peak pricing at London 's main airports Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted was implemented ; airlines were charged different landing fees for peak and off @-@ peak operations depending on the weight of aircraft.
Observation shows that most male redbacks never get an opportunity to mate , and the " lucky " ones increase the likely number of offspring by ensuring that the females are well @-@ fed.
Church sent a small force ashore near present @-@ day St. Stephen , New Brunswick , where they destroyed a house and raided a nearby Maliseet encampment , killing one Indian.
At that time , there was no <unk> between Rome and the north and so you had to drive through the mountains.
" He argued that orgastic potency was the goal of character analysis ..
Upon accepting , Day @-@ Lewis commented " I so admire what you ’ re doing with the Poetry Archive and I ’ m very happy that you ’ ve invited me to be involved with it.
Their recordings are considered the foundation for modern country music.
Oxford 's head coach Patrick Sweeney noted : " If [ Cambridge ] get away , they will be hard to beat.
The music shell was named after James C. Petrillo , president of the Chicago Federation of Musicians from 1922 to 1962 and president of the American Federation of Musicians from 1940 to 1958 , who created a free concert series in Grant Park in 1935.
Perhaps also under the impression that the Australians had withdrawn , the North Koreans failed to press their attack.
By selecting an ally at the right moment , the player character can perform a Chase Cross attack , while holding down the attack button activates a finishing move.
As the rest of those conspirators still in London fled the city , undaunted , he went over to Westminster to try and discern what he could.
This was a break with Apple 's product positioning trend ( in North America and Western Europe ) , starting with iPhone 4S released in September 2011 , which gave each newly released model one year as the flagship phone , then moving it to midrange for its second year of production , with the third and final year as the entry @-@ level offering before discontinuation.
During the second half of the 20th century , the star and crescent symbol came to be recognized as a symbol of Islamism , and Singapore 's flag came to be seen in this context by the nation 's Muslim activists.
In November 2003 , she performed at a fundraiser for the World Youth Peace Summit and two years later she participated in a concert to raise money for victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.
The tomentose exterior surface is tan to yellow when young and whiter in age.
According to Sylvia , the writing process depended on a " division of labour " , whereby Gerry created the action sequences while she managed characterisation.
In nymphal wings , its trachea arises between the <unk> trachea and the group of vannal tracheae.
According to McFarlane 's family , he despised the series and its characters ..
At Skjelfjord , the captured German crew made an unsuccessful attempt at scuttling Alster by opening the ship 's sea valves.
Several theoretical models have been developed to explain sensorimotor calibration in terms of synaptic plasticity within the cerebellum.
An orchestra was finally chosen after Miyamoto insisted upon it , a decision which surprised the entire team ..
Wenders ' film was released on 4 June 1999 to critical acclaim , receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Documentary feature and winning numerous accolades including Best Documentary at the European Film Awards ..
Ram Shankar Bhattacharya , an Indologist , dates the Pune version of a manuscript of the text to about the 13th or 14th century CE , and notes that this version of the Yoga Yajnavalkya quotes verses from Hatha Yoga texts.
The record was later certified triple platinum in Australia ..
By the time he sold the company in 1999 , it was one of New Mexico 's leading construction companies ..
Chilly Gonzales stated in an interview that he had performed material for the duo 's project in a one @-@ day session : " I played for hours and they ’ re gonna grab what they grab and turn it into whatever.
Arnold himself said that it would have been better had it been in the chest instead of the leg.
" The names for the two schools were picked from submissions sent by the education councils of District 01 and District 03 on March 14 , 2005.
The lacklustre campaign of his right @-@ wing Conservative opponent helped to secure Driberg a wide range of support , from moderate Conservatives , Liberals and socialists.
News of the riot spread quickly throughout Greenwich Village , fueled by rumors that it had been organized by the Students for a Democratic Society , the Black Panthers , or triggered by " a homosexual police officer whose roommate went dancing at the Stonewall against the officer 's wishes ".
Manson rewrote " Queer " into a trip hop arrangement and added ambiguous lyrics that allowed the listener to make up their own mind about what the song was about.
" His review concludes , " [ i ] t 's a fine example of a show past its glory days , nevertheless finding a way to make itself relevant again.
The owner of the latter park , Noel Burnet , became the first to successfully breed koalas and earned a reputation as the foremost contemporary authority on the marsupial.
In 1988 , lyricist Howard Ashman pitched the idea of an animated musical adaptation of Aladdin.
As both a New York State Senator and Buffalo Mayor , he has been closely involved in the development of the three Seneca Nation casinos that have been planned and built in Western New York since 2002.
It is not clear which drug or drugs caused his death or what quantities of vecuronium bromide and potassium chloride were released before the execution was cancelled ..
Thirty @-@ two Lancasters attacked the ship with Tallboys during Operation Obviate.
At the close of this campaign in November , as Vatatzes was encamped at Melnik , he was informed of a conspiracy to depose Demetrios and deliver Thessalonica to him in exchange for a chrysobull guaranteeing the traditional rights and privileges of the city.
The owl 's actual visual acuity is only slightly greater than that of humans , and any increased sensitivity is due to optical factors rather than to greater retinal sensitivity ; both humans and owl have reached the limit of resolution for the retinas of terrestrial vertebrates ..
While OCD may affect any joint , the knee tends to be the most commonly affected , and constitutes 75 % of all cases.
Survived by his wife and two sons , he was cremated.
The stories of Cú Chulainn 's childhood are told in a flashback sequence in Táin Bó Cúailnge.
" The play ran for 1 @,@ 261 performances , and provided Mitford with a steady £ 300 per month in royalties.
The juveniles leave their mother at 12 months ..
Cryer stated , " I have been pointing out , and I have been screaming to the rooftops , that Donald Trump is the Charlie Sheen of politics.
Several record companies pledged their support by offering master recordings.
These trains will feature new 22 " LCD TVs , like their counterpart trains on former @-@ KCR lines equipped with Newsline Express , offering better infotainment such as news and announcements.
There were two main roadways and four temples at the four gateways.
While there , he discovered a locked Catholic church , Nuestra Señora de Dolores , that received permission from the Bishop of Havana to reopen as a mission , giving religious talks and caring for the sick ..
However , he believed that the episode suffered from a poor opening act , and was critical of what he saw as a poor performance by guest star Steven Rankin.
The extensive crack networks that develop often produce hexagonal columns of lava.
For example , when Deinonychus extended its arm forward , the ' palm ' of the hand automatically rotated to an upward @-@ facing position.
The concept for the show was originally developed from the sketch @-@ series Dave Hollins : Space Cadet on the BBC Radio 4 show Son of Cliché in the mid @-@ 1980s , written by Rob Grant and Doug Naylor.
On 15 April , the 8th and 14th Panzer Divisions entered Sarajevo.
Taran Adarsh wrote that Chopra " is bound to win laurels yet again [ ... ] the actor is emerging as one of the finest talents in these fast @-@ changing times ".
As shown on the maps of the time , US 10 was rerouted to bypass Flint.
Bunim @-@ Murray has never licensed the show 's format to a broadcaster in another nation for a local version of the series.
In 2007 Christie Golden , an author whose previous work included novels in Blizzard 's Warcraft series , was brought in to write a trilogy entitled the StarCraft : The Dark Templar Saga.
" Vicky Frost from the media blog <unk> felt that although the storyline was decent , " it did seem to be about three different episodes stuffed into one.
Cox 's husband , David Arquette , would then cast Reubens for his directorial debut , the 2007 film The Tripper ..
Teammate Barnes later asserted that Miller had retorted by suggesting Bradman — a very occasional slower bowler — bowl himself.
In years previous , Heath had been described as " lazy " and " lacking aggressiveness " but the 1943 season appeared to be different , including investing extra time in batting practice.
As built , the ship had a very minimal superstructure , with only a small conning tower.
While Seamer won three Blues for cricket , he was even more successful as a field hockey player , appearing in the University hockey match four times.
The Central Highlands campaign was codenamed ‘ Campaign 275 ’ and the goal was to capture the city of Ban Me Thuot.
He entered the <unk> business in 1904 when he developed a " windshield pipe " to allow motorists to smoke while driving ..
When , the winner Kiki Håkansson from Sweden , was crowned in a bikini , countries with religious traditions threatened to withdraw delegates.
As noted by Justice Davis , had the crime occurred post @-@ 2005 , then it is likely that significantly higher minimum terms would have been imposed on the perpetrators owing to reforms in the Criminal Justice Act 2003.
Several times it got stuck in the desert sand ; the crew had to place steel plates underneath for traction and spend hours digging out the sand from under the wheels.
The producer 's cosmic sound proved a perfect complement to the artist 's cosmic vision.
These were conducted , at least in theory , by the king as part of his religious duties ; indeed , in Egyptian belief all temple construction was symbolically his work.
During summer 1977 , McLaren had been making arrangements for the feature film of his dreams , Who Killed Bambi ? , to be directed by Russ Meyer from a script by Roger Ebert.
The hoard was concentrated in a single location , within the completely decayed remains of a wooden chest.
The presentation , writing , and graphics were positively received , with many critics praising the cutscenes and Fukasaku 's direction.
Historian James Roark says , " These were fighting words in a war that was in large measure about insult and honor.
The monastery at Reculver had been established in 669 , and developed as the centre of a " large estate , a manor and a parish ".
A music video featuring Mr. Show with Bob and David 's comedians David Cross and Bob Odenkirk was made for " Sugarcube ".
The visit attracted a large amount of press coverage , and at the Academy Awards gala he was given a twelve @-@ minute standing ovation , the longest in the Academy 's history.
Neto begs his parents to take him with them and they refuse.
The plebeians called these new officials plebeian tribunes and gave these tribunes two assistants , called plebeian aediles.
Through his friend Charles Lesne , Hergé was hired to produce illustrations for the company Casterman , and in late 1933 they proposed taking over the publication of both The Adventures of Tintin and Quick and Flupke in book form , to which Hergé agreed ; the first Casterman book was the collected volume of Cigars.
Vikram announced his own production company Reel Life Entertainment in July 2009 and announced that Sasikumar would direct his first film , the action thriller <unk> , featuring <unk> , Vaibhav , <unk> and <unk> Bajpai.
Both episodes ' stories were developed by Kent Osborne , Pendleton Ward , Jack Pendarvis , and Adam Muto.
She was enrolled in Emerson Junior High School and was taken to weekly Christian Science services with Lower.
Battle casualties were estimated by Tacitus to be about 10 @,@ 000 on the Caledonian side and roughly 360 on the Roman side.
Money can be used to upgrade character attributes , buy new clothes and boards , and unlock music and extras.
However , on April 8 , Agent Owens ' forensic examination turned up approximately 75 images of child pornography on Howard Cotterman 's computer.
On February 20 , 1877 , an act entitled " Act to increase the supply of food fishes in the rivers and waters of this State " was passed by the West Virginia Legislature creating the West Virginia Fish Commission for the purpose of propagating <unk> for the stocking of streams in West Virginia to transform them into viable fisheries.
As of 2012 , 57 % of women of childbearing age want to avoid pregnancy ( 867 of 1520 million ).
The arena is also used for concerts , trade fair and the annual computer party The Gathering.
By that time , the actual safety car was sent out on track to lead the field through the pit lane while marshals cleaned up pieces of Hülkenberg 's front wing that littered the front straight , leading the field until the end of lap 49 ..
He makes a deal with the sirens to lure Sora and Shiro in an attempt to have one of the two races enslave humanity.
German magazine Happy @-@ Computer commended the point @-@ and @-@ click interface and likened it to that of Uninvited by <unk> Simulations.
More concretely , Fleming notes that working with their father gave the brothers a solid grounding in the technical aspects of architecture , and introduced them to a set of clients which they might never otherwise have had access to ..
Vincent <unk> , the chair of the university 's English department , defended Fun Home and the instructor.
In the late 1860s , when Ballard was a new settlement along the edge of Salmon Bay , a homesteader named Ira Wilcox Utter helped create a freeholders ' library.
In addition , visitor facilities at the site have been upgraded ( such as toilet facilities , railing construction , pathways , and a flight of steps from the jetty to the caves ).
As with all historic areas administered by the National Park Service , the national memorial was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15 , 1966 ..
" Fearnet contributor Alyse Wax enjoyed the episode , but also thought " the idea that [ drugs ] could turn someone into a cartoonish evil genius is pretty farfetched.
Michael Tedder of Vulture awarded the episode four out of five stars and said that it allowed Meredith , who until the episode had been " a mostly one @-@ dimensional source of promiscuity jokes " to have " two dimensions for once ".
Rock Paper Shotgun 's Alec Meer described it as a " wry , subversive examination of why videogame protagonists put themselves through a torturous amount of struggle to reach their objectives ".
" Bazin championed the techniques in the film for its depiction of heightened reality , but Bordwell believes that the film 's use of special effects contradict some of Bazin 's theories ..
The JTWC cancelled the TCFA seven hours later , having never classified the system as a tropical depression.
In his 1995 survey of cricket laws , Gerald Brodribb states : " No dismissal has produced so much argument as lbw ; it has caused trouble from its earliest days ".
Knowle West Health Park includes a GP service , a healthy living centre ( which includes a studio with activities such as keep fit and dance activities ) , children 's park , outdoor sports facilities , and a one @-@ mile walk.
Lord Mansfield announced that rather than dragging the proceedings out late into the night , the court session would end for the evening and resume the next morning , when Erskine would have his chance to speak.
" The issues of island ownership are not unique to Gigha and consequently the island has been highlighted in an edition of the BBC series , Countryfile ..
The album encountered commercial success and introduced Cyrus in new countries.
As the Britannia Restaurant takes up the full width of the ship on two decks , a ' tween deck , called Deck 3L , was devised to allow passengers to walk from the Grand Lobby to the Queen 's Room without traversing the dining room mid @-@ meal.
Rupert also explored 150 miles up the Gambia River , taking two Spanish vessels as prizes and contracting malaria in the process ..
He also advocated " strict and regular accounting " in his revolutionary organisation , and did not tolerate corruption ..
TV Zone 's Jan Vincent @-@ Rudzki expected Jonas to be " pushed out of the way " in season 7 's " Fallen " / " Homecoming " , but considered the character 's departure as " keeping with previous events " and " quite plausible ".
He was a dedicated composer of opera , but none of his nine completed operas has endured in the general repertory.
When Bill Clinton became president in 1993 , a blind trust was established ; in April 2007 , the Clintons liquidated the blind trust to avoid the possibility of ethical conflicts or political embarrassments as Hillary Clinton undertook her presidential race.
He had played in all of York 's matches in 2010 – 11 before suffering a head injury following a clash of heads with Matthew Barnes @-@ Homer in a 1 – 0 home win against Luton on 19 April 2011 , which led to him missing the remainder of the campaign.
Six clusters were imaged in 2007 : the Abell clusters 1689 , 1995 , 2142 , 2163 , <unk> and 2390 , which have redshifts between 0 @.@ 091 and 0 @.@ 322.
For several days prior to the attack , all of the 14 @-@ inch @-@ gun ( 356 mm ) battleships had been replacing their standard @-@ weight main battery projectiles with a new heavier projectile that offered greater penetration and a larger explosive charge in exchange for a slight decrease in range.
The album was engineered by Matt Goldman and Sam Hewitt ..
Revenues from demesne lands were diminishing as demand remained low and wage costs increased ; nobles were also finding it more difficult to raise revenue from their local courts , fines and privileges in the years after the Peasants Revolt of 1381.
She is shown playing the piano in a long white dress.
It is one of those very rare television creations so rich in form and content that the spectator wishes there was some way of prolonging it indefinitely ”.
The Afghanistan national football team played its first international match since the 1984 AFC Asian Cup qualification phase.
, with assistance from Carl Edwards , became the leader before Bowyer and Burton passed them on lap 87.
After much anticipation , Brian receives an invitation to an award ceremony celebrating his novel , Faster Than the Speed of Love , by the Rhode Island Society for Special Literary Excellence.
The Fourth Crusade resulted in the disruption of Byzantine manufacturing and the commercial dominance of the Western Europeans in the eastern Mediterranean , events that amounted to an economic catastrophe for the Empire.
Besides Empress , Skyline , and Gold Star , there are also smaller chains such as Dixie Chili and Deli and numerous independents including the acclaimed Camp Washington Chili , probably the most well @-@ known of the independents.
In 1923 Holloway established himself as a BBC Radio performer.
However , the scenes in the quarry were based on the coming of age film Breaking Away , directed by Peter Yates.
The Jugurthine War of 111 – 104 BC was fought between Rome and Jugurtha of Numidia and constituted the final Roman pacification of Northern Africa , after which Rome largely ceased expansion on the continent after reaching natural barriers of desert and mountain.
Some medications have been tried to stimulate breathing or correct underlying abnormalities ; their benefit is again uncertain ..
He collected samples and compiled information on many aspects of the saffron crocus.
Though injured , Brandon escapes through a bathroom window.
The two ships then opened a heavy fire on one another which continued for an hour until Armide , with her rigging badly damaged , drew back towards the rapidly approaching French squadron ..
The portion of Route 21 through Newark is a surface arterial that runs alongside the elevated Northeast Corridor rail line through the southern part of the city and continues north through Downtown Newark while the portion north of Downtown Newark is a freeway.
The perception of certain sensations such as taste , colour or music may be subjectively enhanced.
According to an early British reviewer , the work is set at a moment when " the ruin of the raft may be said to be complete ".
The narrative is presented as confessional and revelatory : it displays the protagonist 's <unk> problems and self @-@ doubts , and at one point he is depicted as naked.
Works by <unk> Shimokawa , <unk> Kitayama , and Jun 'ichi <unk> in 1917 were the first Japanese animated films to reach theatre screens.
Two minutes before the end of the match Cardiff had a chance to score.
A couple of months after his draft , Johansen signed with Columbus to a three @-@ year , entry @-@ level contract on September 9 , 2010.
The blue @-@ green light is emitted through the translucent shell , which functions as an efficient diffuser of light ..
All of the cases involved detention in the District of Columbia and prior proceedings in the United States Circuit Court of the District of Columbia.
Dixon set the fastest time ; 1 : 10 @.@ <unk> : just four thousandths of a second quicker than Power.
The centreline bulkhead between the engine and boiler rooms caused a danger of capsizing if one side flooded and their narrow belt armor became submerged when overloaded.
It can seat 1 @,@ 652 spectators ..
The Jewish community that lived in Ottoman Syria prior to Zionist immigration that began in 1881 was known as the Old Yishuv.
Meanwhile , the senators adopted Pompey as their new champion against Caesar.
The NHL also announced that several rule changes were in effect for this game , to nullify advantages to either team due to the weather conditions.
Thevenow again led the inning by hitting a single into left field.
Scientists believed that the energy of the high @-@ velocity collision would be sufficient to excavate a crater up to 100 m ( 328 ft ) wide ( larger than the bowl of the Roman Colosseum ).
This caused a temporary closure of the line until 23 June 2011 ..
If the party dies in battle the group loses half of its gold and warps to the nearest save location where the hero is revived ; players must then pay a priest or nun to revive their party members ..
It accelerated to the north on September 10 , and two days later Dog passed within 200 mi ( 320 km ) of Cape Cod.
In late November 1942 Drayton became part of Task Force 67 , which intercepted a Japanese naval force guarding transports en route to resupply Guadalcanal.
” Strindberg was obviously attracted to Either / Or Part II where Kierkegaard developed his categorical imperative.
Several USAAF bomber formations operated under NEA 's control in early 1942 , including A @-@ 24 Banshees of the 8th Squadron from Port Moresby , and B @-@ 17 Flying Fortresses of the 435th Squadron ( initially known as the " Kangaroo Squadron " ) from Townsville.
On the same day , a Utah Highway Patrol officer struck a newly created buckle in the highway that threw him against the roof of his vehicle.
In July 1992 , Spin featured a controversial cover story titled " U2 On Tour : The Story They Didn 't Want You to Read " , which detailed author Jim Greer 's travels on the tour 's first weeks with his unidentified girlfriend ( who turned out to be Pixies ' bassist Kim Deal ).
Her theme music in Final Fantasy VII , " Descendant of Shinobi " , is included in a vocal form on the album Final Fantasy Song Book : Mahoroba as " Walking in the Road , After the Rain " by Nobuo Uematsu and Yuji Hasegawa ..
At his return , Gwyn , by Special Orders No. 301 was assigned to the First Division , First Brigade under Brigadier General Griffin by Major General Fred T. Locke.
In the village itself — still the scene of bitter house @-@ to @-@ house fighting — everything was burning , adding to the confusion.
Scrambling , Bush accepted the Democrats ' demands for higher taxes and more spending , which alienated him from Republicans and gave way to a sharp decrease in popularity.
In late 2009 , Total UK submitted plans for the reconstruction of the oil depot ..
They just say it all to me , they really do.
Will becomes outraged at the revelation and leaves.
The Company forged tributary alliances with Kochi in 1791 and Travancore in 1795.
" But , he added , Lauper 's " multicolored , surprising and fun " score outshines the fancy footwear and proves to be the " real star of this show ".
There was duplicated administration between the three companies and , to streamline the management and reduce expenditure , the UERL announced a bill in November 1909 that would merge the Hampstead Tube , the Piccadilly Tube and the Bakerloo Tube into a single entity , the London Electric Railway ( LER ) , although the lines retained their own individual branding.
During the Second World War , the Highfield location of the College meant it was directly in the war zone itself.
Hubbard initiated numerous business schemes in Rhodesia , including the purchase of the Bumi Hills Hotel at Kariba.
This GCD definition led to the modern abstract algebraic concepts of a principal ideal ( an ideal generated by a single element ) and a principal ideal domain ( a domain in which every ideal is a principal ideal ) ..
Taft promoted arbitration treaties with Great Britain and France , but the Senate was not willing to yield to arbitrators its constitutional prerogative to approve treaties ..
The following year , he returned for Team Canada at the 2005 World Junior Championships in Grand Forks.
Historian James C. Klotter opined that during Bradley 's career in the Senate , he was " better known for his oratory than for his legislative accomplishments ".
Frusciante will use the specific guitar that he finds appropriate for a certain song.
I 'm just not sure a rugby player - as good as he is - can do it.
The couple moved back to Alford , where they began following the dynamic preacher John Cotton in the nearby major port of Boston , Lincolnshire.
She was happy with the outcome and described it as having " worked like gangbusters ".
The first board of governors consisted of Red Dutton , Art Ross , Frank Sargent ( president of the CHA ) , Lester Patrick , Abbie E. H. Coo , Wes McKnight , Basil E. O 'Meara , J. P. Fitzgerald and W. A. Hewitt ..
James agreed to a degree of relief to Presbyterians , but not to the full toleration he wanted for Catholics , declaring that the Protestant religion was false and he would not promise not to prejudice a false religion ..
A typical subway station has waiting platforms ranging from 480 to 600 feet ( 150 to 180 m ) long , though some IND platforms may be as long as 660 to 745 feet ( 201 to 227 m ) long.
After a period of neglect during the 18th century , George III and George IV renovated and rebuilt Charles II 's palace at colossal expense , producing the current design of the State Apartments , full of Rococo , Gothic and Baroque furnishings.
On 28 May 2014 , " Cherry Pop " was announced as the sophomore single from the record.
It was the cheap oil and gas being shipped from Kuwait that formed the economic basis for Gulf 's diverse petroleum sector operations in Europe , the Mediterranean , Africa , and the Indian subcontinent.
Works such as Ghost in the Shell , Elektra , The X @-@ Files , Blade Runner and the writing of author Philip K. Dick were major influences on the characters , setting and plot.
As well , the two freed slaves who accompanied him to Philadelphia immediately deserted their posts upon arrival there ..
Regular free concerts and other cultural events take place in venues such as the Pasadena Fairgrounds and League Park Plaza ( League City ) ..
Filming the scene with the burning camp was " tricky " , according to Kim Manners.
The law dealing with seditious libel was particularly strict.
The Thanhouser adaption notably foregoes the famous Shakespearean stage directions : Exit , pursued by a <unk> and allows Antigonus a peaceful exit.
: 6 " They formed a young man 's library , and are to be preserved as he left it " ‍ — ​ ​ except that the Widener family has the exclusive privilege of adding to it.
Gary Cooper appeared in RKO releases produced by Goldwyn and , later , the startup International Pictures , and Claudette Colbert starred in a number of RKO <unk>.
In particular , the obstruction of the major Pan @-@ American Highway , which connects the central region to the south of the country , had a discernible impact on the local economy.
He hails a cab to get to the hospital Angie is at , but realizes that he does not have money on him , however , the driver does not mind.
The snowshoes proved to be awkward but effective on the arduous climb.
Nonetheless her powers continue to grow even stronger and so she becomes fearful of harming those she cares about most.
In the post- Plessy v. Ferguson U.S. , in which " separate but equal " racial segregation was enshrined , people of mixed race had to choose to identify themselves as either black or white.
Qutayba 's brother Abd al @-@ Rahman ibn Muslim was installed with a garrison near Balkh to oversee the affairs of the province.
Wheeler retained an active interest in the running of these British institutions abroad ; in 1967 he visited the British School in Jerusalem amid the Six @-@ Day War between Israel and its Arab neighbours , and in January 1968 visited the Persian institute with the archaeologist Max Mallowan and Mallowan 's wife Agatha Christie , there inspecting the excavations at Siraf.
It is recommended for all sections that about 50 % of the programme be devoted to outdoor and adventure skills and activities.
Sea terns often hunt in association with porpoises or predatory fish , such as bluefish , tuna or <unk> , since these large marine animals drive the prey to the surface.
The centre of Showdown Town houses <unk> 's factory , which dispenses " game globes " whenever a certain Jiggy total is reached.
In 1917 , with World War I underway , the U.S. government pressured the industry to form a cross @-@ licensing organization , the Manufacturers Aircraft Association , to which member companies paid a blanket fee for the use of aviation patents , including the original and subsequent Wright patents.
It has been a rich fossil hunting ground , holding fossils of green algae , fungi , mosses , horsetails , ferns , cycads , ginkgoes , and several families of conifers.
The offensive team must line up in a legal formation before they can snap the ball.
The badge was described in heraldic blazon as On a roundel paly of thirteen argent and azure a <unk> thrush perched on a raspberry branch leaved and <unk> proper.
The effects are hypothesized to be attributed to inhalation of poorly soluble Sb particles leading to impaired lung clearance , lung overload , inflammation and ultimately tumour formation , not to exposure to antimony ions ( OECD , 2008 ).
Himmler and Heydrich wanted to extend the power of the SS ; thus , they urged Hitler to form a national police force overseen by the SS , to guard Nazi Germany against its many enemies at the time — real and imagined.
While Mega Man was not a large commercial accomplishment for Capcom , the company decided to allow the development team to create a sequel , Mega Man 2 , for a 1988 Japanese release.
At the end of the month , The Greater Cleveland Film Commission announced that Captain America : The Winter Soldier would film in Cleveland , Ohio after the production was approved for a $ 9 @.@ 5 million tax credit.
At Elmwood Avenue , NY 47 and NY 383 departed Scottsville Road and proceeded eastward on Elmwood Avenue.
" She also said of the singer :.
The area of the Theban hills is subject to infrequent violent thunder storms , causing flash floods in the valley.
At 1800 UTC on August 17 , Tropical Storm Cleo developed near Cat Island in The Bahamas.
An increase in PM emitted from the Hayman fire in Colorado in June 2002 , was associated with an increase in respiratory symptoms in patients with COPD.
In the classification rounds they lost to Sweden before beating Italy again to finish in seventh position ..
Its occurrence does not seem to be related to flock hierarchy ( as some homosexual behavior is in mammals ) , rather the ram 's typical motor pattern for intercourse is directed at rams instead of ewes.
In addition , the cast performed musical numbers from the Family Guy Live in Vegas comedy album.
Abilities can be changed around as many times as needed , but cannot be changed during a mission ..
Cirrus clouds have been observed on several other planets.
The government channeled $ 2 @.@ 7 million to Guerrero alone ( half of which was supplied to Acapulco ) for reconstruction efforts.
At the time , England was hosting the Euro ' 96 football championships and a Russia vs Germany match was to take place in Manchester the following day ..
New production designer Corey Kaplan , editor Lynne Willingham , writer David Amann and director and producer Michael Watkins joined and stayed for several years.
The Dota series began in 2003 with Defense of the Ancients ( DotA ) — a mod for Blizzard Entertainment 's Warcraft III : Reign of Chaos — created by the pseudonymous designer " Eul ".
Lepidopterans undergo a four @-@ stage lifecycle : egg ; larva or caterpillar ; pupa or chrysalis ; and imago ( plural : imagines ) / adult and show many variations of the basic body structure , which have evolved to gain advantages in lifestyle and distribution ..
Only on 1 January 1945 did the Germans appear in large numbers , during Operation Bodenplatte to support their faltering attack in the Ardennes.
A No. 87 Squadron RAF pilot , Flight Lieutenant Derek Harland Ward claimed the victory as he saw a glow which he fired at before it hit the sea.
Eleven of the thirteen songs on the album are Dylan 's original compositions.
Many musicians have since recorded cover versions , including Mexican singer Pepe Aguilar , American salsa singer Tito Nieves , and Mexican pop group Palomo.
He enjoyed the final scene between Logan , Veronica , and Piz because of the variety of different ways in which it could be interpreted.
She saw herself as having a happy nature , reasoning " I like life and I 've been so lucky , why shouldn 't I be happy ? " A. Scott Berg knew Hepburn well in her later years , and said that while she was demanding , she retained a sense of humility and humanity ..
Because of the viaticum ’ s presumed pre @-@ Christian origin , an anti @-@ Catholic historian of religion at the turn of the 18th – 19th centuries propagandized the practice , stating that " it was from the heathens [ that ] the papists borrowed it.
He compared the book to Max <unk> 's The Great House of God , also published in 1997 , writing that , although Yancey and <unk> have both written several bestselling Christian books , Yancey 's book was edited better.
However , this account was disputed ..
Hartmann , for a time , used a black tulip design around the engine cowling near the spinner of his aircraft , so Soviet personnel consequently nicknamed him <unk> <unk> ( " Black Devil " ).
Throughout the Sorsogon province , 80 % of all crops were destroyed and 90 % of all homes were either damaged or destroyed.
After 12 minutes on the pitch , the " supersub " had struck ... again.
The Sugababes performed " Angels with Dirty Faces " at the Scala Theatre in London on 11 November 2002.
Colley liaised by telegraph with Gladstone 's Colonial Secretary Lord Kimberley , then wrote to Kruger on 21 February that if the Boers stopped fighting he would cease hostilities and send commissioners for talks.
Peter Bradshaw gave a more negative review , stating that while the animation was brilliant , the " solemnly realist human faces look <unk> phoney precisely because they 're almost there but not quite " , concluding " The story is adequate , if familiar , but after half an hour relapses into cliche.
The exact sequence of events that led to Van Gogh 's removal of his ear is not known.
Thespis 's rule is very liberal , and he has advised his troupe not to " be hampered by routine and red tape and precedent ".
During this time , Tropical Storm Kammuri struck southern China with a large area of rainfall that damaged or destroyed 245 @,@ 000 houses.
Corbijn said , " Fortunately there was a lot of light.
Competition for the Grey Cup was limited to member unions of the CRU , the champions of which petitioned the league body for the right to challenge for the national championship.
The breed is reputed to be intelligent and quick to learn ..
6 @.@ 5 @.@ 1 brings larger user interface elements , including icon based soft buttons ( rather than text based ) , an updated contacts app , native support for A @-@ GPS , improved threaded text messaging , and performance improvements.
Mourners also dance to both the débòt and bélè , accompanied zo or tibwa and ka ..
He then successfully executes an elaborate scheme to publicly humiliate Scott in front of his favorite band Radiohead , by getting Scott 's parents killed and then tricking Scott into eating them.
The area had not been raided by carrier @-@ borne aircraft for two years , leading to inadequate preparations for such an attack.
The fortuitous timing of the opera 's premiere , not long after the July Revolution , and its sensational and novel effects , meant that it was widely identified with the new , liberal , ideas of the July Monarchy.
Attempts by workers to organise into a trade union were fiercely opposed by the employers.
The Scouts of Nan Chiau High School , despite newly established in 2011 , have attained the National Patrol Camp Best Newcomer Award , and National Patrol Camp Overall Silver in 2013 ..
He made a last @-@ ditch attempt to make money ; he bought liquor in Tønsberg and sold it on the black market in Kristiania , but this was not enough for his wife , who left him to pursue a more financially secure future ..
The second disc contains Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories , a 3D PlayStation 2 remake of Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories with extra scenes and voice acting.
Brinkley 's new father @-@ in @-@ law paid Brinkley 's bail , but only contributed $ 200 to his fraudulent debt settlement ( $ 5 @,@ 100 in current value.
The first to leave the LM , C. W. Henderson , was a member of the LM Management Committee who criticised Hall 's attempts to make spread the party nationally.
While the Calvos were cleared of wrongdoing , the police were accused by the Calvos and civil rights groups of lacking a proper search warrant , excessive force , and failure to conduct a proper background investigation of the home being raided.
As such , if South Vietnam were to survive the North Vietnamese onslaught , whoever replaced President Thiệu would have to accept a resolution to the conflict on North Vietnamese terms ..
Unlike Sima 's private and independent work , this history text was commissioned and sponsored by the Han court under Emperor Ming ( r.
Sometimes during the season when <unk> trees bloom , wild Asiatic elephants from Jharkhand come in trampling crops and threatening life and property.
Talion and The Hammer then face off , with packs of Uruk joining the fight.
The section of M @-@ 71 between Durand and M @-@ 78 was transferred to M @-@ 78 and M @-@ 71 was shortened by 1934.
The period since 1853 had been one of peace and prosperity for Brazil : " The political system functioned smoothly.
After only a few years the lack of funds provided left only one person working on the site.
In forward @-@ scattered light all Jovian rings are especially bright ..
Imagined " with longer arms and a greatly expanded chest and upper body " , the Trinil creature became a gigantic ape of about 100 kilograms ( 220 lb ) , but " double <unk> of the anthropoid apes in general and half that of man ".
In effect , Streett was left in charge of CAF.
Coulthard admitted that he had been affected by his tonsillitis : " I wasn 't able to match Michael and Damon 's pace so I settled for running my own race ".
The cars featured porthole style round windows and a new public address system.
However , he did not feel that the design depicted her exclusively.
Soon thereafter , Dahlgren inspected the battery , and was impressed.
While terrestrial oil shales contain resins , spores , waxy cuticles , and corky tissues of roots and stems of vascular terrestrial plants , lacustrine oil shales include lipid @-@ rich organic matter derived from algae.
For intracranial hematomas , the collected blood may be removed using suction or forceps or it may be floated off with water.
In 2008 , Game Informer listed Mega Man 2 's introduction sequence as the fifth @-@ best video game opening , citing the build up of excitement that the music and appearance of the character instills.
Webber explained , " He had a sense of restraint and a sense of lyricism that I liked.
1643 – 1661 ) , led the other Manchu princes in worshipping Heaven at the Mukden tangse ..
At the same time , an alternate route of NY 12E extending from the modern junction of NY 12E and NY 180 to downtown Watertown along the northern bank of the Black River was designated as NY 12F.
When Osiel was arrested , Antonio Ezequiel inherited the Gulf Cartel along with Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez , a former policeman in Matamoros.
The changes made by the second Royal Commission ( brought to " inquire into the property and income " of Oxford and Cambridge colleges ) to the running of the accounts and the system of university @-@ wide finances were unopposed by Brasenose.
" To learn more about the artist , the screenwriter researched Dutch society in the 17th @-@ century , talked to artist friends about painting , and interviewed a Victoria & Albert Museum art historian who had restored the original artwork.
In 1909 he received a serious leg injury while on stage at the Belfast Hippodrome during a performance of the Serpentine Dance.
William 's descendants inherited a diminishing fortune.
Bill Elliott , Sterling Marlin , Michael Waltrip , Matt Kenseth , Jimmie Johnson and Dale Earnhardt , Jr. have won the Daytona 500 and Harley J. Earl Trophy twice ; twenty @-@ five other drivers have been awarded the trophy once.
Facing fourth down and six yards at their own 34 @-@ yard line , the Cardinals seemingly prepared to punt.
Interaction with opioid and cannabinoid receptors has been proposed as the mechanism of traditionally reported analgesic effects ..
The San Diego City Council also considered naming SR 56 after the former governor and San Diego mayor Pete Wilson.
The Wiggles became formally consolidated in 2005.
It is not some regurgitated stuff from the East or watered @-@ down Islam or anything like that.
Rush @-@ released following the controversial " Dirrty " on November 16 , 2002 , " Beautiful " garnered positive critical reception.
Richard Hill , the curator of the penguins , explained that Warner Bros. was very helpful in making sure the penguins were comfortable.
Willow , injured , sits and concentrates on moving the machine with telekinesis ; she fails , but Tara sees what she is doing.
The invasion of Quebec began when about 1500 men , then under the command of General Philip Schuyler , arrived at the undefended Île @-@ aux @-@ Noix in the Richelieu River on September 4 , 1775.
On 30 July 1995 , a subtitled version of the film was screened at the Institute of Contemporary Arts , in London , as part of the " Building Bridges " film festival , marking the fiftieth anniversary of the Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
By combining morphology and Gram @-@ staining , most bacteria can be classified as belonging to one of four groups ( gram @-@ positive cocci , gram @-@ positive bacilli , gram @-@ negative cocci and gram @-@ negative bacilli ).
Overhearing Rogers ' conversation with Barnes about wanting to help in the war , Dr. Abraham Erskine allows Rogers to enlist.
Dinosaur Planet initially utilised the Nintendo 64 's Expansion Pak and was housed in a 512 @-@ megabit ( 64 megabyte ) cartridge , which would have placed it among the largest Nintendo 64 games by stored data ..
This marked her debut in Telugu cinema , and she participated in various workshops to prepare herself for the role before joining the shoot.
Larwood and Voce were given a light workload in the early matches by Jardine.
In the original plans , the wing of the car was intended to make contact with water at a certain point of the ride , but Bolliger & Mabillard said the idea would not work and a fountain was used instead.
During the preceding three hours , the division of the French squadron in pursuit of Alexander had steadily closed the gap between the ships , Alexander responding by firing stern @-@ chasers at the pursuers.
Tarbosaurus lacked these bony struts , and the connection between the nasals and lacrimals was weak.
Bleak served as a field medic , assisting troops on the front lines instead of in Mobile Army Surgical Hospital units ..
Although Tiberius was 78 and on his death bed , some ancient historians still conjecture that he was murdered.
Habitable zones have usually been defined in terms of surface temperature , however over half of Earth 's biomass is from subsurface microbes , and the temperature increases as you go deeper underground , so the subsurface can be conducive for life when the surface is frozen and if this is considered , the habitable zone extends much further from the star , even rogue planets could have liquid water at sufficient depths underground.
Kendrick , along with London , was drafted to the Raw brand on June 17 , 2007 during the Supplemental Draft.
After his thorough analysis Whittington concluded that Opabinia was no arthropod , as he found no evidence for <unk> jointed limbs , and nothing like the flexible , probably fluid @-@ filled proboscis was known in arthropods.
There is no specific concentration of CK above which kidney impairment definitely occurs ; concentrations below 20 @,@ 000 U / l are unlikely to be associated with a risk of kidney impairment , unless there are other contributing risk factors.
DVD sales brought in $ 296 @,@ 043 @,@ 871 in revenue , marking the best @-@ selling DVD of 2007 , although it ranks second in terms of units sold ( 14 @,@ 505 @,@ 271 ) behind Transformers ( 16 @,@ 234 @,@ 195 ).
1931 ) and Madonna Louise Fortin ( c.
A Heavy Artillery Group Commander was attached to each divisional artillery headquarters , to command the heavy artillery once the infantry attack began.
The Auxiliary force could field another 40 @,@ 000 men in 11 regiments of horse and 42 volunteer infantry battalions.
" When asked if it would sound awkward due to the song 's melancholy nature , he answered " we 'll forget about the sad sentiments ".
He broke Kimmo Timonen 's Predator record for single @-@ season points by a defenceman with 56 points , which also led the Predators for the season.
Payton argued with Michaels about his interference , drawing the referee 's attention.
He stopped briefly at Diego Garcia to take on supplies , whereupon he fell in with the 22 @-@ gun French corvette Flèche.
Arriving at the toy shop , she sees that the doll is gone.
Fourteen press releases were prepared , and thousands of copies made by mimeograph.
The team 's previous experience was with turn @-@ based combat games , and it struggled to develop a real @-@ time combat system affected by customizable attributes and abilities that provided feedback to the player on how those statistics were affecting the battle.
For the game 's PC release , the uncensored version of the game was awarded MA15 + in Australia.
He felt that the contest prize was exciting , and called it " one of the coolest and most exclusive secrets in the Zelda universe.
He was of help during the coronation of Francis II in 1792 and that of his predecessor , Leopold II , in 1790.
Robbie Daw of Idolator wrote , " Lady A 's [ ... ] " Just A Kiss " video got us choked up after one viewing.
As a result , three U.S. destroyers were lost , but the Taussig survived , with Steiger tying a rope to himself on deck and flattening himself as waves engulfed the ship ..
Clashes followed over the next three days ; the Australians lost one killed , and the Japanese 10.
The A2 type were introduced for service onto the Port Adelaide system in 1917 and ran until closure of the system in the 1930s.
One <unk> night when he was tasked with cleaning the ship as it came into port , giant spotlights were employed to assist the sailors.
Four reviewers scored the console 5 , 4 , 5 , and 5 out of a possible 10 points each in the magazine 's 1992 Buyer 's Guide , focusing on the better value of the Genesis and lack of quality titles for the Master System.
A sequence showing all of the different erotic novels written by Peter was edited for the television version ; one entitled " Catcher in the Eye " was removed from the television version as broadcasting standards disliked the cover , which implied her eye was a target for semen during ejaculation.
Today , their official status in the country is critically endangered.
This is opening against the home fixture vs Southampton in September 2015.
Mint condition dolls are the most sought after.
A portion of this conveyor belt turns to the right ( left in the Southern Hemisphere ) , aligning with the upper level westerly flow.
The facility allows radiologists to diagnose abnormalities of the brain , spinal cord , internal organs and joints.
He caught me for nine years in Cleveland and knew me so well he didn 't even need to give me a sign " ..
Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures.1 It is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Localized for the west , Eternal Punishment was released in 2000 in Japan and North America.
The production on the album was handled by Jason " Jay E " Epperson , with additional production by C @-@ Love , Kevin Law , City Spud , Steve " Blast " Wills and Basement Beats.
The EC delegation 's failure to respond to Jović 's departure before the plenary meeting and the EC foreign ministers ' declaration of 10 July indicating the EC would withdraw from mediation if the Brioni Agreement was not implemented only encouraged Serbia which , unlike Slovenia , Croatia , or the Yugoslav federation , had nothing to lose if the EC pulled out.
Following the Georgia Tech punt , Wake Forest received the ball to begin the second quarter.
Chris Kelly of Fact writes that , along with " Adorn " , " Candles in the Sun " " bookend [ s ] the album with another tribute to Marvin Gaye , a la ' What 's Going On ? ' ".
Kyle Busch , Logano , Johnson , and Regan Smith chose the last four positions in the race ..
Queen especially was badly damaged and unable to make the British lines again , wallowing between the newly reformed French fleet and the British battleline along with several other shattered ships.
Chris <unk> of Dallas Morning News gave the film a B + as " the movie is witty and alive and only very occasionally maudlin ".
The band Guardian achieved some mainstream attention for its album Fire and Love , and one of the videos was included in the MTV 's Headbangers Ball rotation.
Altogether , over 200 toxins have been isolated from the limited number of amphibian species that have been investigated ..
Additionally , as Cluj @-@ Napoca is the capital of Cluj County , the city hosts the palace of the prefecture , the headquarters of the county council ( <unk> <unk> ) and the prefect , who is appointed by Romania 's central government.
Attachments between infants and caregivers form even if this caregiver is not sensitive and responsive in social interactions with them.
Wine was consumed on a daily basis in most of France and all over the Western Mediterranean wherever grapes were cultivated.
In 1867 the general assembly transferred all the law books in the Indiana State Library to the Court to create a Supreme Court Law Library.
In 2008 , Knowles was named as ambassador for Giorgio Armani 's younger diffusion line , Armani Jeans.
For some stills , the design team created digital doubles to develop more texture.
The series consists of seven games across multiple platforms.
Two hours later , the Bole retired from its station without hostile action being initiated by either side.
A body for specific artistic purposes may be charitable , as in Royal Choral Society v IRC , as is the promotion of a particular composer , seen in Re Delius.
Dutch authorities searched the yard and surrounding area , using shovels and thin metal rods to penetrate the dirt.
Talib was also a threat on offense , catching eight passes , including four touchdowns , during the regular season ..
Immediately following the cancellation of county cricket in 1914 , Fender enlisted in the army , joining the Inns of Court Regiment.
" All of these changes in his life have led him to a complete change in his attitude toward drugs :.
Among the German populace , the myth arose — openly cultivated by the Army Chief of Staff Hindenburg — that the defeat was not the fault of the ' good core ' of the army but due to certain left @-@ wing groups within Germany ; this would later be exploited by Nazi party propaganda to partly justify the overthrow of the Weimar Republic.
Malta remained an important stronghold in the Mediterranean , but was coming under increased pressure from Italian and German air attacks , and could no longer be supplied from the east since the fall of Crete ..
In the city of King 's Landing , the Tourney of the Hand comes to an end while the various factions that plot for power are revealed to the viewer.
Lance Armstrong , who rode the Giro for the first time in 2009 , described the ITT as " wicked hard ".
Chaplais cites the fact that Edward had four children with his wife – and even an extra @-@ marital son – as well as the relative silence of contemporary commentators on the topic.
In 33 regular season games he averaged 12 @.@ 6 points and 4 @.@ 8 rebounds for the 18 – 15 team.
The video opens with Beyoncé and her sister riding lowrider bicycles , getting to a roller rink where several people are already gathered.
This club [ set ] is emulating old shows we used to play in the beginning — we used to play this club called Vino 's in Little Rock [ Arkansas ] — it 's sort of like back then , the gritty , dirty club , sweaty.
The spot is 150 mm in diameter and its centre is 6 @.@ 475 m from the outside of the goal line.
The Duke of Newcastle , Secretary of State for War , needed an experienced cavalry officer to undertake such a search.
The Gadget 's detonation released the explosive energy of about 22 kilotons of TNT ( 92 TJ ).
Original Stories is now primarily reprinted for scholars , students , and those interested in the history of children 's literature ..
Constrained by railroad size limitations , the UB I design called for a boat about 28 metres ( 92 ft ) long and displacing about 125 tonnes ( 123 long tons ) with two torpedo tubes.
Because it is dangerous to be caught in the open when these storms suddenly appear , many golf courses in Arizona have thunderstorm warning systems ..
He is second in many other championship game categories , including career and single @-@ game passer rating.
The southwest region is part of the Great Basin and the southeast is the lower Owyhee River watershed.
In the Earth 's atmosphere , one atom is 3He for every million that are 4He.
As well as his dribbling ability , he is quick which means he can beat players with his pace.
After the Second World War , with the relaunch of competitive international calendar , the manager 's role expanded to take in all elements : from the selection of hotel and training camp venues , through to food and travel arrangements ..
Described as one of the album 's " monumental singles " , Michael Di Bella wrote in the All Music Guide to Rock that " Rakim grabs the listener by the throat and illustrates his mastery of the rhyming craft " ..
A number of factors contributed to grunge 's decline in prominence.
Improvements to the turbine section were examined during the Tech56 program , and one development was an aerodynamically optimized low @-@ pressure turbine blade design , which would have used 20 % fewer blades for the whole low @-@ pressure turbine , saving weight.
The unit provides two separate inputs so different instruments can be plugged into the rotary and stationary components respectively.
When threatened , slow lorises may also lick their brachial glands and bite the aggressors , delivering the toxin into the wound.
King Charles at the time opposed Catholicism and insisted that James ' children be raised in the Anglican faith , although he converted to Catholicism on his deathbed.
Alcibiades soon returned and desperately tried to undo the defeat at Notium by scoring another victory , but Lysander could not be compelled to attack the fleet again ..
In Australia , the track entered at number 99 and peaked at number 97 the following week , becoming Stefani 's least successful single there.
A jury absolved the D & RGW of responsibility.
The major cities of Chicago , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Boston , and New York City gave Sunday even larger offerings.
Six months after releasing the record , Rihanna began planning a fifth studio album , promising that her new material would be " more energetic " than her previous works ..
Meat ants are highly territorial and aggressive ants which establish firm borders between neighbouring colonies.
Liverpool were the reigning champions and were appearing in their fifth final , having won the competition in 1977 , 1978 , 1981 and 1984.
In May 1979 , " You Can 't Win " was released in Britain , as was a 7 " picture disc of the song.
The USRA directed the operations of the Old Bay Line and the rival Chesapeake line for the duration of the war and more than a year thereafter , until March 1 , 1920 ..
He later served as a Justice of the Peace and chair of the local district council ..
They also selected it as one of the best track on the album.
Nonetheless , Mahendra Pratap and his Provisional Government stayed behind , attempting to establish links with Japan , Republican China and Tsarist Russia.
The backing track of " I Love You " was recorded at Virgin 's Town House in West London , with mixing and recording of vocals held at Sarm East Studios.
Under James the Plantation of Ulster by English and Scots Protestants began , and the English colonisation of North America started its course with the foundation of Jamestown , Virginia , in 1607.
According to Black , the Fourteenth Amendment , ratified in 1868 , " incorporated " the Bill of Rights , or made it binding upon the states as well.
In September 2006 , Edward E. Louis , Jr.
The total number of rings nearly matches the approximate number of caudal vertebrae ( ~ 25 ).
These revisions of law in favor of making object code subject to copyright law are still controversial.
The two flying aircraft were sold back to Blackburn in 1950 for disposal and the other aircraft survived until 1952 ..
Talks between Pakistan and the United States failed in April 2012 after Pakistan could not get an unconditional apology from the United States for the November 2011 incident.
Copeland would spend most of her next three years with the Bradleys.
The evidence from DNA analysis is more complex.
The last ship , Béarn , was equipped with four Parsons turbines.
The first two levels were excavated , the findings includes a temple named Enceinte Sacrée , which was the largest in the city but it is unknown for whom it was dedicated.
We will be selecting the material most appropriate for the American market.
Sounders FC began the defense of their title on June 28 , 2011 , when they hosted the Kitsap Pumas of the USL Premier Development League from Bremerton , Washington.
Paste ranked the record as the 22nd @-@ best of the year before it had been released.
Seven SACs have been designated for this species in Ireland and 49 SCIs in Spain.
In the winner @-@ take @-@ all championship match , Matusow beat seven other players to win $ 500 @,@ 000.
" He played in four of the five Tests against Australia in 1909 ; his omission from the second Test was later described as an error of judgement by the editor of Wisden , one of many <unk> blunders as England lost the series two games to one.
There was no second Freeman trial , as officials were convinced of his insanity.
This changed after the Dissolution of the Soviet Union : the end of Cold War and Space Race resulted in funding for the US modular space station ( originally named Freedom ) , which was planned since the early 1980s , being slashed.
Early in the hurricane 's duration , NASA developed a contingency plan for delaying a landing of the space shuttle Challenger by a day in the event Josephine passed near Kennedy Space Center.
A series of Royalist attacks led to large number of casualties and the slow retreat of Essex 's force , which was driven from the central hill and almost encircled ; Essex succeeded in rallying his infantry , however , and pushed forward in a counter @-@ attack.
The game will conclude the " Dark Seeker Saga " , but it will not be the final game in the series ..
Lloyd B. Carleton was the stage name of Carleton B. Little , a director who would stay with the Thanhouser Company for a short time , moving to Biograph Company by the summer of 1910.
Bär returned to Störmede airfield to the congratulations of his men.
Hensley soon switched to exclusively distributing Anheuser @-@ Busch beer.
When the crew left the set , Corman did not hire a guard , telling the film 's assistant director that " anyone who 'd come out here , steal the equipment , and carry it through this mud is welcome to get it.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2006 marked Greece 's twenty @-@ seventh participation in the Contest since its first entry in 1974.
Internationally , the album peaked at number 36 in the Netherlands , 98 in Sweden , and 138 in France.
During the Barnes administration , Governor Ed Rendell encouraged local Pennsylvania school boards to participate in Act 72 , a state property tax @-@ relief program.
Unaware that Felicia is helping prepare his meals , Paul has Susan arrested for attempting to kill him.
He then scored fifties in three consecutive tour matches before the Fifth Test , which was timeless as the series was tied 1 – 1.
On April 15 , 2014 , she performed the track as part of a once @-@ off show at the Comerica Theatre in Phoenix , Arizona.
Sometimes Indian English speakers may also use spelling based pronunciations where the silent < h > found in words such as ghost is pronounced as an Indian voiced aspirated stop [ <unk> ] ..
George 's father took him hunting and riding , and introduced him to military matters ; mindful of his uncertain future , Ernest Augustus took the fifteen @-@ year @-@ old George on campaign in the Franco @-@ Dutch War with the deliberate purpose of testing and training his son in battle ..
Scherf found it difficult to re @-@ adjust to civilian life , and began to have nightmares about the Germans he had shot down and killed during the war.
The video was produced by Ridley and Tony Scott 's RSA Films.
During this period , Creative Engineering began to sever ties with ShowBiz Pizza Time ( they officially left the company in September 1990 ) , eventually resulting in the unification of its mixed characters.
The 8th Infantry Division was also recalled ; however , the 9th remained near Dresden.
Further , the most recent edition of Ives 's biography admits that Anne may very well have had a personal spiritual awakening in her youth which spurred her on , not just as catalyst but <unk> for Henry 's Reformation , though the process took a number of years ..
This time trial is the traditional final stage of Paris – Nice , though it was absent from the 2014 edition.
The tail is moderately long and slightly wedge @-@ shaped.
This was constructed in 1816 – 17 at a cost of nearly £ 2 @,@ 000 ( equivalent to £ 130 @,@ 000 in 2015 ).
996 – 1002 and is concerned with eschatology , that is , the end of the world.
Star Trek fan and Carnegie Mellon University professor Randy Pausch cameoed as a Kelvin crew member , and has a line of dialogue.
After thirteen charting weeks it fell off the chart.
Thomas Inskeep from Stylus Magazine criticized 20 Y.O. , but enjoyed the track , calling it a " sticky ear @-@ candy " song.
Back in Jamestown , a comic bit ensues in which Larry ’ s wife Kate has arrived disguised as a male page , and teases him before revealing herself.
Liquigas – Bianchi finished as the winners of the Trofeo Fast Team classification , ranking each of the twenty @-@ two teams contesting the race by lowest cumulative time.
He based these on the principle of " association " , which suggested that seeing objects of beauty could help to correct thought patterns ..
Akshay Kumar had auditioned and Milind Soman was signed for Malhotra 's role before Tijori played it.
He took a job as personal secretary to George Cadbury Junior , with a wage of £ 200 a year , which he planned to hold until he qualified as a barrister.
Undersecretary of state Bedell Smith later became a director of the UFC , while the wife of the UFC public relations director was Eisenhower 's personal assistant.
The Advanced Placement program has offered students the opportunity to pursue college @-@ level courses while in high school.
In late January 1942 , Jevđević offered to assist the Italians if they occupied Bosnia , and to organise Chetnik detachments to work alongside Italian units in their fight against the communist Partisans.
It was a wholly Indian city without a European population , sacred to Hindus , Sikhs and Buddhists but with a well @-@ established CMS school and a substantial Christian minority.
After the Germans claimed that Leipzig had been attacked by an unidentified submarine off Oran , it formally withdrew from international patrols to enforce the agreement.
Christopher Nicholas <unk> ( born December 19 , 1967 ) , better known by the stage name Criss Angel , is an American magician and illusionist.
Quintana sees her fiction as a form of social commentary , contributing to a literary tradition that resembles the work of contemporary cultural anthropologists in its attempt to authentically represent the cultural experience of a group of people , and acknowledges Cisneros 's contribution to Chicana feminist aesthetics by bringing women to the center as empowered protagonists in much of her work ..
Critical reception to Makoto 's character has been generally positive for both his role in the games for how he handles his social life.
The two secondary runways were raised up into the stands and also had view screens inside the construction.
Boletus edulis is known to be able to tolerate and even thrive on soil that is contaminated with toxic heavy metals , such as soil that might be found near metal smelters.
In 1989 , six preferred foods ( apples , sweet potatoes , almonds , Brazil nuts , sunflower seeds and walnuts ) were supplied ad libitum each night to 12 feeding stations.
Young served his suspension during the final four games before the All @-@ Star break and the first game afterwards , yet was allowed to play in the All @-@ Star Game at AT & T Park in San Francisco , California.
By the afternoon of 2 October , elements of the 30th Infantry Division had breached German defenses and reached the town of <unk>.
She also said that her retro @-@ style is " <unk> " and charming.
Tarkovsky did not consider the Mir cinema the best projection venue.
In 2011 , the squadron was organised into a Training Flight , Operations Flight , and Maintenance Flight.
Michigan 's lineup was Loomis Hutchinson ( left end ) , Giovanni Villa ( left tackle ) , Carey ( left guard ) , Wombacher ( center ) , Bennett ( right guard ) , Henninger ( right tackle ) , Farnham ( right end ) , Greenleaf ( quarterback ) , Ferbert ( left halfback ) , Caley ( right halfback ) , and Hogg ( fullback ) ..
The J. W. Long Law Library has 296 @,@ 000 volumes and microform equivalents , which include both state and federal primary law sources , as well as treatises , periodicals and other secondary legal sources.
The Greenville – Brooklyn tunnel would be about $ 331 million , which was cheaper than the approximately $ 405 million tunnel from Staten Island to Brooklyn ..
Shortly after the Kings Ferry Service Area in the center median , the first two exits in New York are key exits for two colleges in Rockland County.
On Sunday , " Love Help Me " , " I 'm So Glad " ( with a classical music prelude entitled " Happiness " ) and " Mandrake Root " were recorded.
Not feeling constricted to racially charged political issues pioneered by rap artists such as Public Enemy or Boogie Down Productions , N.W.A favored themes and uncompromising lyrics , offering stark descriptions of violent , inner @-@ city streets.
Three years after Season 6 , at the start of Season 7 ( 2017 ) , is it revealed that Leslie and Ron have developed an apparent hatred for each other.
76 percent of visitors to the <unk> Region travelled for business , leisure tourism was the most popular reason given for travel to the <unk> Region , and visiting friends and family was the most popular reason given for travel to Baffin Island.
Each of these characters has a base ranking for several attributes , such as command ability and piety , which affects how they carry out duties on the battlefield and governing the provinces.
Lucas and writers Willard Huyck and Gloria Katz later collaborated on Radioland Murders ( 1994 ) , also released by Universal Pictures , for which Lucas acted as executive producer.
In addition to the lake 's fish population , Hart Lake provides a unique habitat for plants and animals along the shore.
The artist 's asking price for the picture , A $ 44 @,@ 000 , was the second @-@ highest in the exhibition and the highest for an artist from the central and western deserts.
Several groups of mothers were travelling alone with their young children — most going to join their husbands who had already gone to America to find jobs , and , having saved up enough money , could now send for their families ..
Revolts against the Bourbons in 1821 , and 1848 divided the nobility , and liberalism was in the air.
The video then cuts back to Rumor Has It with applause from the audience , and ends with Beverly praising Lovato ..
Disgruntled by increasingly negative coverage , he interrupted a family holiday in Cornwall to fly to Afghanistan in an effort to change the coverage through a series of interviews.
The section between Lansing and Webberville became part of an extended M @-@ 43.
Linda then rapidly intensified reaching hurricane intensity the next day as an eye formed.
Many palm trees along the Avenida <unk> were also blown down.
Since stronger thunderstorms and heavier rain mark areas of stronger updrafts , the barometric pressure at the surface begins to drop , and air begins to build up in the upper levels of the cyclone.
As a teenager , Santiago also listened to classic rock and protopunk artists such as The Who , The Rolling Stones , The Velvet Underground and Iggy Pop ..
US Census Bureau data from 2002 identified a series of housing characteristics for units owner @-@ occupied units inhabited by households with average incomes , ranging from $ 40 @,@ 000 to $ 60 @,@ 000.
Canada is a mixed economy , ranking above the US and most western European nations on the Heritage Foundation 's index of economic freedom , and experiencing a relatively low level of income disparity.
The elfin woods warbler was placed on the United States federal candidate list for the Endangered Species Act in 1999 and the announcement was published on the Federal Register of October 25 , 1999 , Volume 64 , No. 205 , pages <unk> – <unk>.
The crew survived , though another ship was disabled during the storm.
Following <unk> 's death in June 2016 , they said , " The director 's gifts of storytelling , intelligent lines , good song positioning , and extracting creditable performances were at play " with this film.
The common firecrest breeds in lowland broadleaf forest , preferring cork oak and alder where available , otherwise beech and holly.
" He helps the barbarian to kill a giant snake and cuts him down from crucifixion ; the thief also cries for his companion during Valeria 's cremation , with the explanation that " ( h ) e is Conan , a Cimmerian.
Six deaths were also reported in Atlantic Canada ..
The San Francisco News @-@ Letter and Advertiser then embellished the story by saying that she " claimed to be a mason " , having cajoled the younger members of her uncle 's lodge into clandestinely conferring the three Blue Lodge degrees on her.
" Marie left Paris with numerous supplies for Romania 's relief and later that year , the conference resulted in the international recognition of Greater Romania , thus doubling Ferdinand and Marie 's kingdom to 295 @,@ 000 square kilometres ( 114 @,@ 000 sq mi ) and increasing the population by ten million.
The total cost came to £ 4 @,@ 349 ..
In the tunnel section the new station , Løren , would be built.
In France , the kings and their ministers grew increasingly uneasy about Habsburg encirclement and sought allies against Habsburg hegemony from among the border German territories ; they were even prepared to ally with some of the Protestant kings.
The developers released a demo for the game on September 12 which included four stages with a boss fight.
The bridegroom wore a <unk> ( neck chain ) around his neck.
He skipped his usual winter training schedule for his first skiing holiday at Saint @-@ Gervais @-@ les @-@ Bains in the Alps , taking Helen and his two young daughters , Jane and Joanne ..
As a community , we 're fortunate to have an ally like Demi.
The JNA provided weapons to the Croatian Serbs , although most of the weaponry was provided from Serbia 's TO and Ministry of Internal Affairs stocks ..
The reason for this response is explained at primary line constants ..
It contains three new native civilizations that can be completely controlled : The Iroquois Confederation , the Great Sioux Nation , and the Aztecs.
However , after three years as a head coach , Weiß was no longer part of the Azkals after the PFF 's year @-@ end evaluation ..
They are overhunted and killed for food by specially trained hunting dogs.
As Athena is not traditionally a patron of Achilles , Sommerstein sees her presence in this and other portrayals of Troilus ' death as evidence of the early standing of the prophetic link between Troilus ' death and the fall of Troy , Athena being driven , above all , by her desire for the city 's destruction ..
The single held the number 1 position in the British singles charts for four weeks , and still remains the biggest @-@ selling record by a female duo , according to the Guinness Book of Records.
Each Conan story , according to White , increased sales of that issue by 10 @,@ 000 copies.
He scored his first goal for the club , a " delicate lob " which the player admitted was meant to be a cross , to clinch a 2 – 0 home victory against Nottingham Forest on 14 February.
Paul McCartney was immediately struck by the song and knew when he heard it that he wanted to be involved in making music.
Daily bus services are provided by the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation to and from Chennai , Bangalore , Villupuram , Tirupathi , Thiruthani , Tiruvannamalai , Vellore , Salem , Coimbatore and Pondicherry.
Furthermore , on 25 February 2010 the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) announced its list of 30 probables for the T20 World Cup to be held in the West Indies , the most notable omission being Irfan Pathan ..
Stan Rojek pinch hit for Higbe , and walked , loading the bases.
In a race umpired by the Olympic medallist and former <unk> rower Kenneth Payne , Cambridge won by three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths in a time of 20 minutes 15 seconds , taking the overall record in the event to 52 – 43 in their favour ..
At mid @-@ season , Baseball America rated him as baseball 's 31st @-@ best prospect.
Intelligent design advocate Michael Behe proposed a development of Paley 's watch analogy in which he argued in favour of intelligent design.
What I have a problem with is that there ’ s a separate thing that has started happening is that the lid has been somewhat lifted for journalists , and so journalists on red carpets will now say , ‘ So how do you feel about the gender pay gap ? ’.
In San Diego and Imperial County , the total damage to agricultural interests was $ 25 million ( 1977 USD ).
Jay Z contributes a rapped verse to the song and is credited as a featured performer.
He maintained a medical practice in town for many years , and went to considerable efforts to keep up with the latest practices ..
Instead , the USS Reliant model created for Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan was used.
Many thousands of troops from all the countries involved were drafted to the area , and disease broke out almost immediately.
Lightning also plays a role as an ally in World of Final Fantasy , appearing in her Lightning Returns outfit ..
Midway through the performance she dropped backwards into her crowd of background dancers then transitioned into " Blow ".
Markets are the weakest structure , and two towers can defend against one house.
The report was initially not believed ; they were not fighting the white man and were acting within the provisions of the treaty.
As it whistles , it expels air through its nose with such a force that the whole of its body vibrates.
" Touch My Body " entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at number eleven , during the week dated March 31 , 2008.
He decides to help her regain the adrenaline rush felt from robbery and they steal a nurse 's purse.
His first troops departed under the command of Nicholas <unk> , Bishop of Nyitra ( now Nitra in Slovakia ) , on 24 April 1347.
The penalties meant that he was just four points away from a one @-@ race ban ..
When Kapoor was 10 , his mother , who was working as a dancer , moved to Mumbai to work as an actress ..
It is valued for its uniform yellow colour.
As part of promotion for the song , Spears performed it at TRL , Saturday Night Live , and The View.
, which was tentatively scheduled for April.
Males often keep their mates in custody in the den , or take them along if they need to drink , lest they engage in infidelity.
Tomjanovich also became a Wolverine at the end of Strack 's career and became second team All @-@ Big Ten in 1968 subsequent later stardom.
For the most part , rainfall from Gracie was beneficial as it moved up the Appalachians since the area had been in a drought preceding the cyclone ..
" God Help the Outcasts " was written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz , both songwriters who had just recently collaborated on writing the music for Disney 's Pocahontas ( 1995 ).
On 10 April , due to the critical situation on the front of the 4th Army , the division was directed to take under its command the 110th Infantry Regiment and the independent artillery battalion , and defend against crossings of the 110 @-@ kilometre ( 68 mi ) stretch of the river Sava between Jasenovac and Zagreb , while collecting stragglers and organising resistance.
The effectiveness of horses in battle was also revolutionized by improvements in technology , including the invention of the saddle , the stirrup , and later , the horse collar ..
The imperial culture offered a route to political and material advancement , and this led to the formation of Hellenistic elites among the Jewish population.
A film version was released in 1988.
The younger Robert may have objected to giving up his castle to the previous owners and the elder Robert may have taken offence at these events.
Middlesex was granted a red shield with three notched swords and a " Saxon Crown ".
The ship became the flagship of the Group of Torpedo Boat Flotillas ( later redesignated as the 1st Torpedo Boat Flotilla ) of the 1st Squadron ( <unk> Escadre ) , based at Toulon , on 1 May 1928.
Metformin decreases hyperglycemia primarily by suppressing glucose production by the liver ( hepatic gluconeogenesis ).
He followed that with 53 receptions , 672 yards , and 4 touchdowns in 1988.
He included as the closing choral the first stanza of Johannes Agricola 's hymn " Ich ruf zu dir , Herr Jesus Christ ".
A character modelled after Fox Network owner Rupert Murdoch briefly appears in a scene set in jail.
George Hoadley , one of the two UFA members with previous legislative experience ( Hoadley had been a sitting Conservative MLA prior to the election ; UFA MLA Alex Moore had been elected in a by @-@ election a few months before the general election ) , was considered , but since his previous experience had been as a Conservative — one of the old line parties so disdained by the UFA — he was deemed unacceptable.
Within three days US $ 398 @,@ 000 of pre @-@ prepared United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) emergency supplies arrived on the island.
In the season seven ( 1995 ) episode " Treehouse of Horror VI " , Homer was computer animated into a three @-@ dimensional character for the first time for the " Homer3 " segment of the episode.
He has a habit of ending his sentences with " ya know " ( <unk> , mon 'yo , in the Japanese version ).
In the fighting , Nicolls was wounded severely three times , and he lost the use of his right eye for life.
Whittier began to grow after the completion of the railroad spur.
He ended the season in joint second place with Emmanuel Adebayor in the race for the Premier League golden boot.
" He stated that when the city was conquered by the Muslims they turned half of its church into a mosque ..
A bill to amend Section 207 of the Criminal Code was drafted , and passed unanimously , making it an offence to make , print , publish , distribute , sell , or own " any magazine , periodical or book which exclusively or substantially comprises matter depicting pictorially the commission of crimes , real or fictitious " , on 10 December 1949.
And he wanted to do it his way and he wanted to do it the best way.
These three mother @-@ goddesses who are collectively called the <unk>.
In December 1940 , then @-@ prime minister Winston Churchill , asked Home Secretary Herbert Morrison to ensure Lady Mosley was able to see Max regularly ..
A soundtrack featuring remixes of the final credits song " Still Alive " by Swedish singer Lisa Miskovsky was also released.
Angelou ( 1928 – 2014 ) is best known for her first autobiography , the critically acclaimed I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings ( 1969 ).
At the suggestion of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Congress passed a bill reducing only the Secretary of State 's salary to the level it had been at before Knox 's term began , believing this would cure the problem.
He described his final kilometres as difficult , as he had been isolated from his teammates , saying that the other riders mainly attacked him and did not work with him.
Human rights lawyer Li Heping called the award " huge encouragement for the Chinese people ... an affirmation that there are people around the world who really care about human rights and the legal system in China , that the world hasn 't forgotten us.
The expedition documented many rare , previously undiscovered species that exist nowhere else , not even on nearby seamounts , including ancient coral gardens that are vulnerable to human activity ..
Formidable 's air group was reinforced by a dozen Corsairs of 1842 Squadron on 7 August in preparation for further attacks on Tirpitz ( Operation Goodwood ).
Duncan was assigned to the Western Approaches Command , conducting anti @-@ submarine operations , for the rest of the war.
Roger Just disagrees and has argued that even if the epikleros had a son she could still be forced to marry her nearest relative.
In 1957 , Drake was sent to Eagle House School , a preparatory boarding school in Berkshire.
In the storey above were the dwelling and common living @-@ rooms of the residents in which were the <unk> , the rooms of the bakers and butlers , and the great chamber in which the lord and his wife slept ... In the upper storey of the house were garret rooms ... In this storey also the watchmen and the servants appointed to keep the house took their sleep.
Stone and Blackwell developed a private agreement aimed at preserving and protecting Stone ’ s financial independence and personal liberty.
Those include Gradiška , Brod and Brčko in Bosnia @-@ Herzegovina and Stara Gradiška , Slavonski Brod and Gunja in Croatia opposite them ..
This mode can only be played in teams.
Beatty often encouraged dozens of takes of every scene.
A. V. Roe Canada Limited had been set up as a subsidiary of the Hawker Siddeley Group in 1945 , initially handling repair and maintenance work for aircraft at Malton , Ontario Airport , today known as Toronto Pearson International Airport.
Overall , total damage was nearly $ 300 million pesos ..
The location of colonization of H. pylori , which affects the location of the ulcer , depends on the acidity of the stomach.
Incoming tides cause a variation in water surface elevation of between 12 inches ( 30 cm ) and 24 inches ( 61 cm ) roughly twice per day along the entire lower slough.
Lt. Blue was subsequently captured by Union Army forces and held at the Wirgman Building , from which he later escaped ..
Those that failed to harmonize their internal spirits prior to death would be reborn in the underground earth @-@ prisons , where they would be subject to eternal torment and toil ..
On 7 February 2015 , Daniel scored his 115th power play goal as a member of the Canucks in the third period of a 5 – 0 victory over the visiting Pittsburgh Penguins , giving him the franchise record for power play tallies , surpassing his former teammate and linemate Markus Näslund , while simultaneously putting him level with Trevor Linden for second place in goals as a Canuck with 318 ..
Bodley and Keio university Professor <unk> Hori provided voluminous notes in the 1934 Japanese textbook version of Round the Red Lamp by Arthur Conan Doyle , and in 1935 Bodley published a biography of Tōgō Heihachirō ..
Bach composed the cantata as concertmaster in Weimar , responsible for one church cantata per month.
The group 's lead singer , Bono , was a fan of ISO and she was cast for the music video of their hit " With or Without You ".
The Manche produced a number of products for trade , manufactured from resources in the southern Maya Mountains of Belize ; these included blowguns , bows and arrows , finely sculpted greenstone axes , hammocks , <unk> and metates , pottery , and cane , all of which were traded across the southern Maya region ..
Letcher 's defeat in Henry Clay 's home district was a strong indication of the decline of Whig influence in Kentucky.
Gerald S. Lesser , CTW 's first advisory board chair , reported rumors about the show becoming a fad among college students.
League Cup matches are subject to change in the event of games being selected for television coverage , inclement weather and potential competition clashes.
Dre , he 'll play dope beats ... [ He 'll say ] , ' These are the hits , 50.
Within Japan , Zeb first affected Miyako @-@ jima while passing about 180 km ( 110 mi ) to the northwest.
He adds , with reference to the chorus : " The lyrics are given greater depth by the double meaning of without – ' in the absence of ' and ' outside ' – each of which is perfectly applicable to the song 's sentiments.
Matejko used his own face for Stańczyk , and with this work , began a series of paintings analyzing and interpreting the history of Poland through the figure of Stańczyk ..
In May , 2012 , Beyoncé performed " Run the World " during her Revel Presents : Beyoncé Live revue in Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States ' entertainment resort , hotel , casino and spa , Revel.
In addition , a wide range of religions have reconciled a belief in a supernatural being with evolution.
The liver fluke <unk> magna and the nematode <unk> <unk> are also commonly found parasites that can be fatal to elk.
He played part @-@ time for the team , serving as a replacement when players needed time off , whether through injury or to spend time with their families.
Significant differences were found in some characteristics , including height and proportions ; these have been used to help achieve breeding objectives , especially in Italy during the 1990s ..
Morpholinos block access of other molecules to small ( ~ 25 base ) specific sequences of the base @-@ pairing surfaces of ribonucleic acid ( RNA ).
With industrialisation Glasgow became the " second city of the Empire " , growing from a population of 77 @,@ 385 in 1801 to 274 @,@ 324 by 1841.
In all , property damage from the storm amounted to $ 100 million ( 1982 US $ ) in the country ; economic losses were estimated at $ 280 million ( 1982 USD ).
Also , sea surface temperatures in the western Atlantic were just at or slightly below average.
Literature in Telugu , Kannada , Tamil and Sanskrit languages found royal patronage.
His three other siblings were <unk> , Manuel , and Remedios ..
The business loop runs southward along the four lanes of Eastman Avenue through residential neighborhoods and past the Midland Country Club and the Midland Center for the Arts.
Nagato , together with the rest of Kurita 's force , departed Brunei for the Philippines on 22 October ..
This was increased with the addition of four 600 L ( 160 US gal ) drop tanks.
The colour of the cap depends on its age , ranging from pale blue @-@ green to yellowish @-@ bluish green.
Following the divorce , their mother attended the University of Chicago to earn her doctorate.
Surge heights peaked at 6 ft ( 1 @.@ 8 m ) near Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point.
From the Series III episode " Timeslides " onwards , the timeline of the crew is adjusted and Rimmer 's death is newly attributed to a moment in which he hits a cardboard box filled with explosives.
The shear weakened the storm , and by late on November 25 the center became exposed to the west of the diminishing deep convection.
Georgekutty also presents the bill of the restaurant , the movie ticket and the bus tickets as proof of their alibi.
He has been described as " perhaps the most popular saint in England prior to the death of Thomas Becket in 1170.
While Google indicated in 2008 that several <unk> devices were being tested in preparation for the official public launch of Android , only one was to be released in the United States that year — the HTC Dream.
<unk> is a fan @-@ made four @-@ player coop mashup of the original Super Mario Bros. and Portal ..
The song received acclaim from music critics.
The film was originally titled Trump Heist under this concept.
Althorp ( / <unk> / or / <unk> / ) is a Grade I listed stately home , estate and small civil parish in Daventry District , Northamptonshire , England of about 13 @,@ 000 acres ( 5 @,@ 300 ha ).
In the first Test of 1967 – 68 against India , he failed twice batting in the middle order.
" Check on It " spent a total of twenty @-@ eight weeks on the Hot 100 ..
The Diamonds in the Rough versus Apolo , Shark Boy , and Sonny Siaki was given the lowest rating of Kapur 's review , a 5 out of 10 ..
After choosing to destroy or sterilize the base , Shepard destroys the awakened human @-@ reaper larva and , if enough squad members survived , escapes the base before the bomb detonates.
The Spanish had already passed through and had broken many " idols " but the friars climbed the temple and managed to find about 50 additional ceremonial sculptures , which they destroyed ; they also placed a cross inside.
In August 2013 , NME reported that Sony Music were suing a forty @-@ seven @-@ year @-@ old man from Gothenburg for US $ 233 @,@ 000 concerning the leak of 4.
The unsigned I @-@ 296 connects I @-@ 96 north of downtown Grand Rapids with I @-@ 196 in downtown , and is signed as US 131.
Wooden Leg 's only taste of whisky up to the time of the battle had been a mouthful — which he immediately spat out — that he took from a captured bottle.
She tried to dissuade Parashara , saying that a learned Brahmin of his stature should not desire a woman who stinks of fish.
At Papallacta , Thomasomys ucucha was collected in a variety of habitats at 3 @,@ 380 to 3 @,@ 720 m ( 11 @,@ 090 to 12 @,@ 200 ft ) altitude , including páramo ( high @-@ mountain grassland with shrubs and forest patches ) and subalpine rainforest.
In a review in The Boston Globe , Saul Austerlitz called it a " wickedly funny new novel.
The freeway crosses the Grand River twice near the South Street interchange.
It continues northeastward , crossing the Saranac River into Plattsburgh , the first city and most populous community NY 22 has passed through since White Plains ..
Brashear fought with the intervening player and after falling to the ice , Brashear continued to punch the " defenceless " player.
Nixon had pledged , when announcing his California campaign , not to run for president in 1964 ; even if he had not , he believed it would be difficult to defeat Kennedy , or after his assassination , Kennedy 's successor , Lyndon Johnson.
No. 38 Squadron relocated to RAAF Station Schofields near Sydney on 15 August 1946.
One reviewer for <unk> called the album " breathtaking " and wrote positively of Sia 's vocals and the instrumentation.
By the mid @-@ 1860s , the crowded conditions at the Western Railroad station , and its location 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 80 km ) away from the Housatonic station ( a headache for transferring passengers ) led to calls for a union station to be built.
The unfortunate incident marred an otherwise wonderful rock concert.
She sang " 1 + 1 " while kneeling on top of a white grand piano.
However , Tesreau was suffering from boils on his knee , and his coaches urged him to not play in the Rose Bowl.
The town had a relatively low percentage working in agriculture , public administration , and manufacturing.
The second revised design is said to " <unk> both elevated site and female gender " with a " lonely phallus " , without the original planned animated circular ring representing the female reproductive organs.
Starting in the late 1950s , the class was also used on the Hardanger Line ..
At this point , the player can choose to influence the direction of the ball by applying spin.
Hood 's secondary armament was a dozen 50 @-@ calibre BL 5 @.@ 5 @-@ inch Mk I guns , each with 200 rounds.
The song was produced by Dupri and Cox for Usher 's fourth studio album , Confessions ( 2004 ).
The document , titled Origin of Schizophrenia Revealed , was eventually released by the FBI.
These were built in several " schemes " of linked stations , each covering a catchment area , whereby the same water may generate power several times as it descends.
Classic FM believed that despite the restrictions placed on Williams , he still managed to create a " moving theme.
That latter decade also saw her briefly involve herself in far right politics as well as becoming a keen ley hunter and proponent of Earth mysteries.
Saladin tries to make him part of his personal guard.
A publication by the New Brunswick Department of Natural Resources notes that the soils in Salisbury , made from calcareous sandstone and mudstone , are fine @-@ textured and , when properly drained , " are the most fertile glacial tills " in the watershed.
She also carried eighteen Oerlikon 20 mm guns in single mountings.
The roadway subsequently crosses into southern Wexford County.
Hurricane Ginger was the longest lasting Atlantic hurricane on record until 2003 , when the 1899 San Ciriaco hurricane was retroactively found to have lasted longer.
Lazio faced a unique tactical problem campaigning upstate.
" Through Kassandra 's experiences with the Amazons , Bradley shows that she idealizes this group of women ..
Billboard also ranked her as the No. 37 Billboard 200 Artist of 2012 ..
It is served with regional trains operated by the Norwegian State Railways ( NSB ).
A win against Reading at the <unk> Stadium on 12 November 2007 brought about Arsenal 's 1,000th Premier League goal , scored by Adebayor.
After they learn The Brand is dead , they attempt to resume their investigation , but are confronted by The Will , who drafts them into his service ..
The 14th Infantry returned to the United States in 1901 and moved to Fort Snelling , Minnesota.
The remains of the original Kilmer Oak are presently kept in storage at Rutgers University ..
Prescott was writing 12 pages of the work per day in the summer of 1845 , and completed the first two chapters of the Conquest.
Overall , Walternate 's Machiavellian role in this story works , and the most important takeaway from this story is that it moved the overarching plot forward in one huge leap.
The DVDs included brief audio commentaries by Seth MacFarlane , various crew and cast members from several episodes , a collection of deleted scenes , and a special mini @-@ feature that shows director Peter Shin drawing Stewie.
The chairman further noted that standardization could only occur after consensus had been reached.
As the decade wore on , the quality of the soundtrack songs grew " progressively worse ".
At first , the fact that he was asked back to audition for the recurring role slightly puzzled him , until he discovered the reason he had not previously been cast in those roles — Carter had been unable to envision Pileggi as any of those characters , because the actor had been shaving his head.
" Adams concluded , " Very well.
The system tracked westward at 15 mph ( 24 km / h ) but gained little strength and the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) did not anticipate development of the storm.
Hobbs never believed that the matches were , or should have been , of first @-@ class status , but statisticians later judged them to be first @-@ class.
" Peter Travers of Rolling Stone , who disliked the previous movies , gave the film 2 @.@ 5 stars out of 4 , praising the transformation of the series into a heist film ( " Damn it , it works " ) , commenting favorably on scenes between Johnson and Diesel , and judging that " Fast Five will push all your action buttons , and some you haven 't thought of.
The ships were named Indiana , Massachusetts , and Oregon and were designated Battleship Number 1 through 3.
Now , fully deployed into line , they returned fire and successfully pressed the British troops ; although the attack faltered at the centre , the line in front of d 'Erlon 's right started to crumble.
This decrease in atomic radius also causes the ionization energy to increase when moving from left to right across a period.
The excavated hoard was taken to the British Museum.
Afterwards , Malborn , who Delphine tells the player to meet at Solitude to help you , helps the player infiltrate the Thalmor Embassy near the city of Solitude , the headquarters of the <unk> Dominion in Skyrim , to follow up on her suspicions about the Thalmor 's possible involvement with the dragon threat.
In May 2007 , a detachment of 75 members of No. 114 MCRU deployed for active service at Kandahar Airfield in southern Afghanistan , utilising the AN / TPS @-@ 77 to coordinate coalition combat air operations.
Kept active and in the reserve through much of the 20th century , the brigade in name was reorganized into a different unit for fighting during World War II.
Positioned along the fuselage centreline , the smaller rear lift propeller was mounted vertically , while the larger front one was inclined slightly forwards at 17 degrees.
A furious Gee ( Yaphet Kotto ) calls maintenance to complain about the non @-@ working air conditioner and learns it has been shut off for the night.
<unk> <unk> ( Perfected Spelling : Buah Rindu , Indonesian for Fruits of Longing ) is a 1941 poetry collection by Amir Hamzah.
Protests were also raised against the use of a pontoon bridge , as it would limit the vessel size and thus the commercial development in the inner parts of the fjord ..
Foggon was played in a new role which Charlton created to break the offside trap set by opposition defenders , an extremely fast player he was instructed to run behind defenders and latch on to the long ball to find himself one @-@ on @-@ one with the goalkeeper ..
Communications equipment on top of the North Tower was also destroyed , but media stations were quickly able to reroute the signals and resume their broadcasts ..
Germaniawerft stripped down Âsâr @-@ ı Tevfik , but then halted work to await the first Ottoman payment.
The good part about that is I was able to save fuel because there was no pressure from behind.
At dawn on 19 April 1996 , Martin was hanged in Changi Prison together with two Singaporean drug traffickers.
Angle ended up winning the bout , thus retaining the championship.
The crafty and treacherous Eadric Streona , plotting to deceive the noble ealdorman Ælfhelm , prepared a great feast for him at Shrewsbury at which , when he came as a guest , Eadric greeted him as if he were an intimate friend.
" In October 1970 , Bell put on " one of the greatest one @-@ man shows ever seen at Beavercreek , " scoring three touchdowns and rushing for 233 yards in 30 carries.
In my judgment , subject to the questions of the privileges of the House of Commons , reference to Parliamentary material should be permitted as an aid to the construction of legislation which is ambiguous or obscure or the literal meaning of which leads to an absurdity.
This became necessary following the arrival of the railways , which required a standardised time for timetabling around the country , known as railway time ; Bristol officially adopted railway time on 14 September 1852.
During his first period as captain , 1893 – 94 , Gould scored 37 tries in 24 games , a club record that still stands as of 2013.
Aldous , under a witch 's curse , must accept this shallow adoption or die ..
The many constructions , including greenhouses and small craft shops , quickly reduced their treasury ..
The battle was a disaster for the Japanese.
From then on , German resistance from the south was restricted to harassing machine gun fire.
Some volunteers lost heart and deserted ..
At no point were any major issues signalled by the company 's auditors ; The Financial Times ( FT ) reported that KPMG had raised some questions when the firm audited Olympus , but audit reports were always unqualified , and E & Y signed off on " clean " audit reports in 2010 and 2011.
After six months of development , Icewind Dale II was officially announced on February 4 , 2002 ..
The musicologist Julian Mincham notes that Bach uses the key F @-@ sharp minor selectively , " often for slowish movements of great expressive force " , for example for the alto aria <unk> und <unk> from his St Matthew Passion ..
It is the most common ; though around 30 % of individuals with PD do not have tremor at disease onset , most develop it as the disease progresses.
The new church was thought to have been the largest in Constantinople before the building of the Hagia Sophia by Justin 's nephew and heir , Justinian I ( r.
During the end of the video , Beyoncé and her sister are seen going away on the same path by which they came.
The Red Sox struggled in 1919 , finishing sixth in the AL.
Guatemala continued to press for a Security Council investigation , a proposal that received the support of Britain and France.
Sustained winds were estimated to have reached 155 mph ( 249 km / h ) , with gusts to 190 mph ( 310 km / h ).
The Bears ' defense had to apply pressure to Andy Dalton , whose quick release led to four play @-@ action touchdown passes to A. J. Green in 2013 , the third most in the NFL.
Relatively isolated , gentry families spent much of their time visiting family , friends or neighbours.
The reported traffic volume gradually decreases as the motorway chainage increases and as it passes by various major destinations and the interchanges that serve them.
The film 's theme of reconciliation between a dying father and his son had special significance for Burton , as his father had died in 2000 and his mother in 2002 , a month before he signed on to direct.
He was voted to the Pro Bowl and named Pro Bowl MVP as he led the NFC to a comeback win over the American Football Conference ( AFC ) by throwing three touchdowns.
Broadly speaking , the ACE is a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the duration of its lifetime ; thus , hurricanes that lasted a long time ( such as Thirteen ) have higher ACEs.
He had drawn level by the halfway mark and made a superior turn to take the lead.
As early as 1857 the Beetons had considered using the magazine columns as the basis of a book of collected recipes and <unk> advice , Hughes believes , and in November 1859 they launched a series of 48 @-@ page monthly supplements with The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine.
While operational control was given to the Admiralty , the faith of both services in ASDIC proved ill @-@ founded.
Capoeira may be played unarmed or with blades held in the hands or feet ..
Arantxa King did not progress to the next and final round on August 22 ..
In the position of the diagram at right , which never arose in real play , Alekhine claimed that White wins by <unk> , as after some complicated play Black is mated or goes into an endgame a queen down.
This arrangement was to be cemented by a political marriage between the prime minister and a ruling queen effectively selected by him.
Jayson Greene , scoring No Stairway a 7 @.@ 2 out of ten in his review for Pitchfork , called the album along with Wall 's record " slight redemptive " reminders of Guitar Center 's commercial success during the 1990s pre @-@ Internet period , which contrast with a current time where the chain of retailers may shut down quickly due to extreme financial decrease.
The Washingtons also had several servants , including a tailor named Giles Alexander , and several slaves including " Billy " Lee.
On November 4 , 2008 , a bond issue for a new $ 95 million high school was passed.
Being defeated by aggressive creatures does not result in death , but causes the player 's creature to float to a higher plane.
The website also received national and international coverage for its endorsement of Trump 's proposal of a temporary moratorium on admitting foreign Muslims into the country ; it proclaimed " Heil Donald Trump – The Ultimate Savior ".
Rymkus stayed with the team for the 1965 season , resigning in January 1966.
He also mentions two other parodies that he wrote , the titles of two of his songs , " Beers in Heaven " and " Total Eclipse of the Fart " , parodies of " Tears in Heaven " by Eric Clapton and " Total Eclipse of the Heart " by Bonnie Tyler ..
The remaining Fellowship continue through the elf @-@ haven Lothlórien , where they meet the elf queen Galadriel ( Annette Crosbie ).
One of his classmates was future Admiral of the Fleet James Fownes Somerville.
The 1930 tour of England was dominated by the emergence of Don Bradman.
The architects intended the park to act as a " breathing space in the hard linear nature of the Hay Street Mall ".
However , he was persuaded to stay after some friends raised $ 800 @,@ 000 to cover the back taxes at a benefit dinner ..
Uma decides to go on a fast and relents to none of the family member 's request to quit.
The King and his party , at least 200 strong and including men @-@ at @-@ arms , positioned themselves outside St Bartholomew 's Priory to the east of Smithfield , and the thousands of rebels massed along the western end ..
The sisters celebrate the successful surgery , but when the patient wakes up , Lexie is devastated to discover that the patient suffered severe brain damage , losing the ability to speak.
The problem with this was that the old plan intended all of the ships of the eight @-@ eight fleet to be under eight years old ; by the time these new ships were completed , Fusō and the first two Kongō ships would be past their replacement age ..
Howard Prairie Lake was completed in 1958 , and is about 18 miles ( 29 km ) east of Ashland.
The team traveled to Lafayette , Indiana to open its conference schedule against the Purdue Boilermakers and came away with a fifth straight shutout and a score of 16 – 0.
Several new buildings were constructed , including nine dormitories and five academic buildings.
Henry 's successors continued his entanglements in Scotland.
They fired an 11 @-@ pound ( 4 @.@ 9 kg ) shell at a muzzle velocity of 2 @,@ 700 ft / s ( 820 m / s ) to a maximum range of 7 @,@ 005 yards ( 6 @,@ 405 m ).
In Chinese mythology , the baiji has many origin stories.
It leaves out a lot of people.
Eleven of them were located in the first 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) above the Trent , after which there was a level pound of around 20 miles ( 32 km ) before a flight of seven locks at Woolsthorpe , and a much shorter upper pound to Grantham.
Some men drowned trying to cross the swollen river.
Let the people be fully informed and convinced as to the evil.
It is backed by synth chords and " eerie harmonies " , with Brown 's " smooth vocals " making use of auto @-@ tune effects.
Speaking about the purpose of the project , Akhtar stated that " Just as a social stigma , many people believe that an HIV patient should be isolated.
The investigation resulted in the expulsion of 10 IOC members and the sanctioning of another 10.
He also rejected the notion , dear to many UFA members , that a UFA government should be bound by the resolutions of the UFA membership.
The reply , which avoided directly answering the MCC question , was hand @-@ delivered to the MCC secretary George " Gubby " Allen in March 1968 by the former South African Test captain Jack Cheetham , a close associate of several MCC officials.
" By 1917 , Bethlehem Steel company announced it would start a publicity campaign against perceived errors about them.
Spence D. of IGN commented that Beyoncé 's " cheery disposition " and the " brash horns " will remind listeners of " damn good " mid @-@ 1980s R & B can be.
As a senator , Nixon received an annual salary of $ 12 @,@ 500 ( about $ 150 @,@ 000 in 2009 dollars ).
For much of the 20th century , creators were strongly discouraged from depicting gay relationships in comic books , which were regarded as a medium for children.
The Sire de Coucy was married to King Edward III 's daughter , Isabella , and was given admittance to the Order of the Garter on their wedding day.
The Ju 87s bombed the station and 40 Bf 109s strafed it , killing the commander.
It provides a school bus transportation service , in order for children to get to their school and home , being responsible to the Director of Facilities.
This idea became fully accepted at court ( and in later dynasties ) , as emperors often implemented reforms to the legal system or granted amnesties to restore nature 's balance ..
Surabhi <unk> of Koimoi stated , " While Shreya Ghoshal ’ s voice brings out the mush in you , there is also the soulful voice of Arijit Singh to give you the perfect recipe for a romantic song.
The subtropical depression moved to the east @-@ northeast , and steadily organized as deep convection developed closer to the center.
McCrory was subsequently cast as Narcissa Malfoy from Harry Potter and the Half @-@ Blood Prince onwards ..
The film will be a standalone film set to reintroduce audiences to Michael Myers years after his initial rampage.
Matthew traces Jesus ' ancestry to Abraham through David.
Among the works he painted in Skagen are Kitchen Interior ( 1884 ) which depicts his wife Martha arranging flowers , and the much brighter Dividing the Catch ( 1885 ) showing four fishermen who have pulled their boat up onto the beach while one of their wives hopes there will be something for the evening meal.
The United States tied Japan 2 – 2 during regular and overtime leading to their second penalty kick shootout of the tournament.
It is unknown whether any of the self @-@ nominees for alternate membership in the 10th Central Committee were elected.
In its original American broadcast on April 1 , 2001 , " Simpson Safari " received a 7 @.@ 5 rating , according to Nielsen Media Research , translating to approximately 7 @.@ 7 million viewers.
Individually , Colón defeated Micah Taylor , but lost to Cappotelli ..
Producer Herbert Wright explained that the episode was to be a commentary on Apartheid in South Africa , with men on the planet representing black people.
The pollen had an average of nine different pesticides and fungicides.
He sees two fishes who have found his clothes and express interest in using them ; SpongeBob mentions that he cannot remember anything except hitting his head , so the fish tell him that his name is " <unk> <unk> ".
" Author James McBride calls Lee brilliant but stops short of calling her brave : " I think by calling Harper Lee brave you kind of absolve yourself of your own racism ... She certainly set the standards in terms of how these issues need to be discussed , but in many ways I feel ... the moral bar 's been lowered.
A north @-@ south row of 5 monuments was erected at the base of Structure 8 , on the southwest side of the plaza , and another row of 5 sculptures runs east @-@ west parallel to the southern edge of the terrace , with an additional 2 sculptures slightly south of them ..
This species has been placed in several bird families since its description.
Charlie Sheen was able to shoot his scene in one day and described being on set with the director and Douglas as strange , with Stone adding that it was difficult for the actor.
The trains used on the Princess Nora bint Abdul Rahman University system are two car units.
During his minor league career , Ellis once chased a heckler in the stands with a baseball bat.
The flesh of the cap consists of a number of microscopically distinct layers of tissue.
Favreau 's main concern with the effects was whether the transition between the computer @-@ generated and practical costumes would be too obvious.
The earliest known mention of the club in the newspaper archives at the National Library of Ireland comes from 1901 and an article in the club programme from 28 December 1941 claims that the club was founded in this year.
The archdeaconry includes the Yorkshire Wolds and the City of Hull , with a coastline extending from Scarborough and Bridlington in the north to Spurn Point.
Manuel <unk> from The Dallas Morning News said the episode was able to blend " absolutely chilling " moments with " completely silly " moments " at the same time ".
The overexcited Pikachu uses its Thunderbolt attack on the television and destroys it.
Aerial attacks began at 09 : 00 on the Samaria to Afulah road , when five aircraft dropped 40 bombs and fired 4 @,@ 000 machine gun bullets at several retreating columns.
M @-@ 35 is the shortest state trunkline highway between Menominee and Escanaba.
However , he remained in I Corps and was still regarded as a significant political influence and motivating factor for the Struggle Movement.
Louise finds the letter and blackmails Abi , telling her to move away with Ben.
He was one of the younger players in the squad ; 9 of the 15 players were over the age of 36.
The resulting song resembles the result of modulating a pure tone with a 66 Hertz wave to form regular chirps.
They then won 3 – 1 against Smith 's former club Sunderland , with Cole scoring the first of his 8 goals in 12 appearances during his loan spell.
Including the Pullman B @-@ 29 , a total of 46 Silverplate B @-@ 29s were produced during and after World War II.
A unique aspect to this game is " room synthesis " : to advance through the game , the player must utilize Map cards that he has found after winning battles to synthesize rooms.
Joy developed an eye about 50 km ( 31 mi ) in diameter with concentric eyewalls.
The Eastern Pacific Hurricane Center noted the possibility of heavy rains and flooding across portions of the Baja California Peninsula.
Although the current stone church of St. Mary 's contains a mixture of architectural styles , mainly Gothic and dating from later periods , a Romanesque window between the north transept and north aisle has been dated to the 12th century , indicating that the church was already a stone building by this time ..
At the Prom , Chuck foils a plot by Penelope ( Amanda Setton ) , Hazel ( <unk> Walker ) , Isabel ( Nicole <unk> ) , and Nelly Yuki ( Yin Chang ) to humiliate Blair during Prom royalty elections.
Boortz criticizes the major parties saying " I believe that the principal difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats just want to grow our Imperial Federal Government a bit faster than the Republicans do.
Richard explains his father was killed by his uncle , Cedric , who then assumed the throne.
The borough has a population of 160 @,@ 825 and a population density of 3 @,@ 981 per square kilometre ( 10 @,@ 311 / sq mi ) ( mid @-@ 2014 est.
Brigadiers Miles and Hargest dressed as workmen and having walked to Florence station , caught a train to Milan where they went to the North station.
The SS190 exhibited penetration depths ranging from 28 to 34 cm ( 11 to 13 @.@ 5 in ) when fired from the P90 into bare ballistic gelatin , in tests conducted by Houston Police Department SWAT.
" A. L. Sloan of the Chicago Herald @-@ American , a friend of Landis , recalled :.
Rockstar displayed care in the direction of the voice work for the game ; full @-@ time specialist directors were employed to ensure success in the game 's dialogue.
Attendances fell in the next two seasons and they were the 92nd best supported club in 2006 – 07 and 100th best supported club by 2007 – 08.
The government granted some 4 @,@ 560 acres ( 1 @,@ 845 ha ) Site of Special Scientific Interest status in 1981.
His 1943 revival of William Congreve 's Love for Love on tour and then in London received high praise from reviewers.
Two studies published in 2008 questioned the benefits estimated in previous assessments regarding the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from sugarcane @-@ based ethanol , as the authors consider that previous studies did not take into account the direct and indirect effect of land use changes.
A small handful of short routes also came under pressure from modern high @-@ speed rail systems , such as the Eurostar service between London , Paris , and Brussels ..
While four of the ships were eventually canceled and scrapped on their building ways in 1922 to comply with the Washington Naval Treaty , two , ( Lexington and Saratoga ) were converted into the United States ' first fleet carriers.
Between 1930 and 1937 , a dike 66 miles ( 106 km ) long was built around the southern edge of the lake , and a shorter one around the northern edge.
The game was a runner @-@ up for GameSpy 's Action Game of the Year and a nominee for GameSpot 's PC Action Game of the Year.
In contrast , a breaker 's back is almost always on the ground , and the only rule in breaking is that you do not touch your opponent during a battle ..
Worn out from previous campaigns and requesting Bohdan Khmelnytsky to break with Sweden , Alexis of Russia eventually signed the Truce of Vilna or <unk> with the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth , and did not engage the Swedish army in any major battle throughout 1657 even though he still reinforced his armies in Livonia.
But nonetheless this is a sterling effort " ..
The fourth section is a reprise of the sinfonia with the voices added , then a variation of sections 2 to 4 follows as 5 to 7 ..
He felt that though the episode provided a " <unk> girlish side of Torchwood ’ s <unk> character " the characterisation did not add enough depth.
An area of disturbed weather formed early on September 10.
In the Hollywood version , Krusty is sitting in a control room and takes a picture of the guests ( The on @-@ ride photo is taken here for the Hollywood attraction ).
As the supplies in the Arab camp ran out , a terrible famine broke out : the soldiers ate their horses , camels , and other livestock , and the bark , leaves and roots of trees.
One of Burley 's first signings to bridge this gap was former Netherlands midfielder Edgar Davids.
Mulvihill continued breeding and promoting the ponies , and in 2002 , the breed was recognised by the Irish Government as the Irish Heritage Pony.
Some doors are locked by a <unk> ( digital disk key ) device.
In addition to recording parody songs for his radio show with his early band Teenage Radiation , Dahl began recording and playing live performance with a new band in 1990 , called Steve Dahl and the <unk>.
Another writer of the same publication praised the decision to make a simple party set.
The original concept for land use involved a special elevating slide that could traverse 6 ° to either side.
Mike Schiller of PopMatters called the opening line " real value ... kind of hilarious " and added that the " inserted “ more ” syllables in the chorus only add to the feel that this is a genetically engineered sort of dancefloor banger ".
Her suddenly increasing angle caused what one survivor called a " giant wave " to wash along the ship from the forward end of the boat deck , sweeping many people into the sea.
The deal came with a season remaining on his existing contract , previously signed with the Coyotes ..
A breakthrough came in early 1971 , when Chairman Mao invited a team of American table tennis players to visit China and play against top Chinese players.
It produced ore from part of the Hope @-@ Katy lode that had been displaced about 800 feet ( 240 m ) to the north by faulting.
The robin is considered a symbol of spring.
High winds also destroyed 96 tobacco storage facilities , although the tobacco was removed beforehand.
Even though the French still held the crossing between Kehl and Strasbourg , Petrasch 's Austrians controlled the territory leading to the crossing.
I think we have some high @-@ water marks at 197 @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half [ miles per hour ] which , depending on where they pulled up in the draft , it may be a little quick , but it 's hard to say.
Arsenal regained possession and in the 52nd minute went close to doubling their lead.
These stories were mostly reported as allegations rather than facts , but the volume and frequency of stories , combined with Jackson 's inability to refute them , had a devastating impact on public opinion of him ..
The entranceways sit on the four corners of this intersection ..
Among the most costly of these offensives were the Battle of Verdun , in 1916 , with a combined 700 @,@ 000 casualties ( estimated ) , the Battle of the Somme , also in 1916 , with more than a million casualties ( estimated ) , and the Battle of Passchendaele , in 1917 , with roughly 600 @,@ 000 casualties ( estimated ) ..
Additionally , all six turtle families in existence at the end of the Cretaceous survived into the Paleogene and are represented by living species.
Post @-@ launch , two additional chapters were added , one based upon a level from Hitman 2 : Silent Assassin.
Besides road cycling she was also a track cyclist until 2012.
It is no place for those want to evade conscription in their own country.
It acquired a Nielsen rating of 12 @.@ 9 , and was the highest @-@ rated show on the Fox network the week it aired ..
It was originally built as a watch @-@ house around 1767 , and rebuilt following a fire in 1786 that destroyed several properties on and around the street.
Before beginning his professional career , he played in the 1946 Chicago College All @-@ Star Game , a now @-@ defunct annual contest between the National Football League champion and a squad of the country 's best college players.
The great Tamil composer Muthuswami Dikshitar ( 1775 – 1835 ) , a Srividya adept , set one of that tradition 's central mysteries – the majestic <unk> Puja – to music in a <unk> classical song cycle known as the <unk> <unk> <unk>.
In the centre is a recessed round @-@ headed entrance with angle pilasters , an archivolt , and a keystone.
Downed trees from the storm wreaked havoc , leaving considerable damage and loss of life behind.
Leaves of this fern have sometimes been used to substitute for clover leaves on Saint Patrick 's Day.
Giraffes were probably common targets for hunters throughout Africa.
The gothic toll house and pierhead buildings were designed by local architect Hans Price.
Two years later , the Center completed a $ 29 million renovation , in order to ameliorate its training operations.
The right and left tentacular muscles , which pull in all four of the tentacles , divide early for the upper and lower tentacles , but only the muscles of the ommatophores ( the muscles of the two upper tentacles , which have eye spots ) are darkly pigmented.
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 51 % of commentators gave the film a positive review , based on 226 reviews.
An additional row of tyres were erected at all corners and were designed to increase absorption in the event of a collision ..
There is a story which says that Emperor Justinian became angry with Imru ' al @-@ Qais after he left , and sent a messenger with a poisoned jacket , and that Imru ' al @-@ Qais wore the jacket and the poison killed him.
Hilary steadily gained strength , but its outflow remained restricted.
This could not be done in Russia , as the banks always had lists of the note numbers in such cases ... The money was badly needed.
One reason for criticism was that Gould appeared to be presenting his ideas as a revolutionary way of understanding evolution , and argued for the importance of mechanisms other than natural selection , mechanisms which he believed had been ignored by many professional evolutionists.
In 1905 it was the site of New York City 's only memorial service honoring United States Secretary of State John Hay , who had worked on behalf of oppressed Jews in Romania.
Zeta is a triple star system , with a companion blue @-@ white main sequence star of spectral type B8 and apparent magnitude 9 @.@ 16 around 3900 AU distant from the primary , and a white main sequence star of magnitude 9 @.@ 90 and spectral type A2 , some 50 @,@ 000 AU away , that may or may not be gravitationally bound to the other two.
The new Falstaff productions would take the place of the Princess brand films which were doing poorly with the audiences.
In 1966 , the year following Singapore 's independence , he joined the University of Singapore as an assistant lecturer.
The fixed capacity of 292 passengers on an RTL trainset proved an impediment ; Amtrak could not add capacity when demand outstripped supply.
The ship carried 2 @,@ 000 long tons ( 2 @,@ 000 t ) of fuel oil which gave her a range of 4 @,@ 480 nautical miles ( 8 @,@ 300 km ; 5 @,@ 160 mi ) at 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) ..
On 1 June , the Wellington Battalion moved into the front lines , taking over Courtney 's Post , previously held by the Australian 4th Brigade.
It was written by producer Matt Hubbard and directed by producer Don Scardino , and first aired on October 18 , 2007 in the United States.
This legislature includes the Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance , which requires the city 's larger buildings to disclose their yearly energy and water use statistics and partake in an energy assessment every five years.
During the late 1890s and into the early years of the next century , Ravel was bearded in the fashion of the day ; from his mid @-@ thirties he was clean @-@ shaven ..
As they progress , players access other weapons including other handguns , shotguns , submachine guns , assault rifles , sniper rifles , and hand @-@ thrown weapons.
The first miniseries by BOOM ! was The Incredibles : Family Matters by Mark Waid and Marcio Takara , which was published from March to June 2009 , and collected into a trade paperback published in July of that year.
Past the Somerville Circle , Route 28 becomes a 35 mph ( 56 km / h ) road named West End Avenue that intersects County Route 644 ( Frelinghuysen Avenue ) just before entering Somerville.
Tikhonov was , however , one of the few who got along with both Brezhnev and Kosygin , both of them liked his candor and honesty.
In addition to story @-@ based dialogue and banter , context @-@ specific dialogue was written for certain situations.
During his youth , Olajuwon was a soccer goalkeeper , which helped give him the footwork and agility to balance his size and strength in basketball , and also contributed to his shot @-@ blocking ability.
Optic nerve sheath fenestration is an <unk> operation that involves the making of an incision in the connective tissue lining of the optic nerve in its portion behind the eye.
At Whalen Corners , the highway curves northeast as it exits Middlesex County , becoming the boundary road between Huron County to the west and Perth County to the east.
At 0000 UTC on January 17 , the NPMOC reported that the depression had reached its peak 1 @-@ minute sustained windspeeds of 85 km / h ( 50 mph ) while RSMC Nadi reported that the depression had intensified into a tropical cyclone while it was located about 510 km ( 320 mi ) to the southeast of Nukualofa , Tonga.
New airspeed records were set after the 1929 and 1931 Schneider Trophy contests , both achieved using the R engine.
The 136th Infantry Regiment completed its attack on Hill 40 on 5 January.
Kuhn was a charter member of the <unk> 's Club , the Sword and Shield Club and the Tampa Quarterback Club , and was once president of the State and Tampa Exchange Club and the Tampa Junior Chamber of Commerce.
The name magnesia eventually was then used to refer only to the white magnesia alba ( magnesium oxide ) , which provided the name magnesium for the free element when it was isolated much later ..
After several months the Mam were reduced to starvation.
The Guardian reported that Madonna 's daughter Lourdes appeared in the video.
Singer visited the sets of Star Wars : Episode I – The Phantom Menace and Titanic to understand practical and digital effects.
Broussard also said that no content seen in the E3 trailer would be lost.
A PC port was considered during development , but was decided against due to how Square Enix saw the video game market situation at the time as well as additional complexities that Square Enix did not have experience with related to the PC platform , such as security issues.
Those who knew her at the time later described her as " [ fitting ] right in " and someone who was " going to be successful " ..
At sixteen , King had graced the pages of Glamour and Harper 's Bazaar.
At the time , Cotillo claimed to have naturalized some 25 @,@ 000 immigrants in the eight years he had been on the bench ..
For several weeks following the death of his daughter Lucy Beale ( Hetti Bywater ) , Ian Beale ( Adam Woodyatt ) receives texts and calls from " R " , all of which he ignores.
Chief Wiggum arrives and decides to get rough with the protesters.
Favre 's season with the Jets started well ; in week four of the 2008 season , he threw six touchdowns against the Arizona Cardinals , a personal best and one fewer than the NFL record.
The pontificate of Pius XII was the first in Vatican history that published papal speeches and addresses in vernacular language on a systematic basis.
He was the first Democrat to declare his candidacy , doing so on July 30 , 2002 , during a rally with Hispanic leaders.
Saladin arrived in the vicinity of Caesarea before the Crusaders , who were on a longer road.
There were over 13 @,@ 000 Royal Military Police ( “ <unk> ” ).
Further , through Parsons , she was strangely intimate with many scientists of Los Alamo <unk> [ Alamogordo in New Mexico was where the first atomic bomb was tested ].
" Bo Diddley , he was tracking me down with my beat when he made ' I 'm a Man '.
The populations may not be declining as much as predicted , but instead the connectivity of different populations is affected.
The character of Rita has been well received by critics , who praised Benz ’ s portrayal.
" Marge 's beehive hairstyle was inspired by the titular Bride in Bride of Frankenstein and the style that Margaret Groening wore during the 1960s , although her hair was never blue ..
Upon the privatisation of British Rail in 1997 , services were franchised to Wales & West , which was in turn succeeded in 2001 by Wessex Trains , an arm of National Express.
After dragging out for nearly five months , the proceedings against Hancock were dropped without explanation ..
There is evidence that as many as 50 Apalachee joined with the English against the Spanish @-@ led forces in this encounter.
He has also played in the hole and has given a composed performance as a second striker.
The campaign reached its initial goal in less than 24 hours , while the stretch goal of a second DLC character , Big Band , secured funding in just over 2 weeks.
Khrushchev yanked off his shoe and began banging it on his desk.
She suffered some sort of hull damage in September , but the details are not known ..
Because of this some , of the equivalent salts have the same crystal structure , and in other circumstances where ionic radius is a determining factor , the chemistry of zinc has much in common with that of magnesium.
The song was written and produced by Shondrae " Bangladesh " Crawford , Sean Garrett , and Beyoncé herself for her third studio album I Am ... Sasha Fierce ( 2008 ).
Carried aboard Queen Mary 2 is the Boston Cup.
When the ARBiH approached Novi Grad and Sanski Most on 18 – 19 September , it encountered 14 @,@ 000 additional VRS troops of the Prijedor OG 10 of the 1st Krajina Corps under the command of Colonel Radmilo <unk> , supported by 2 @,@ 000 troops that had arrived from Serbia.
Thus , by degrees , this court has drawn over to itself actions which really belong to ... the Court of Common Pleas.
In 2012 , however , he described the films as having " eviscerated " the book , and criticized the resulting " commercialisation " of his father 's work ..
Many artifacts from Mesa Verde are now located in museums and private collections in the USA and across the world.
Rear Admiral Nikolai Nebogatov therefore decided to surrender his ships as he could neither return fire nor close the range.
The Tri @-@ Nations win ended a good year for Hunt , who made his debut for Australia and Queensland before being a part of the premiership @-@ winning Broncos team ..
The flooding also forced 1 @,@ 800 residents from their homes in East Baton Rouge Parish.
When Hurricane Able was expected to move through the Bahamas , people executed standard preparations such as securing windows and bringing ships to harbor.
Detachment Queen was formed by VJ @-@ 61 during the Korean War at Naval Station <unk> Point , in the Philippines , to fly reconnaissance missions over the People 's Republic of China and North Korea.
Second , many members of the Debs Caucus joined David McReynolds in reconstituting the Socialist Party USA also in 1973 ..
Eighteen Australian Army officers sat the exam that year , but only Berryman and one other officer passed.
During one visit , he realised that he had not yet written a series set in Wales ; hence , he started creating a series about a family who discovers that they own the entire city of Swansea.
Only until Delphine 's lawyer got involved and told Interplay they legally could not change the music did Interplay relax this change ..
He positioned himself in the Labour Party as the prospective Minister of Foreign Affairs should the party form a government.
Surveys in 2003 indicated a total population in the range of 5 – 15 individuals.
By placing these three preludes in this particular order , Debussy ensured that arguably the most technically challenging prelude of the collection ( Vent d <unk> ) was situated in @-@ between the two that are the simplest to play out of the twenty @-@ four ..
Before Everything Tastes Better with Bacon she wrote four books : The New Complete Coffee Book , The New Tea Book , Christmastime Treats and Weekends with the Kids.
Some of its planes were ordered to bomb rebel positions.
The UFOs fly through the former toll booth at the Vincent Thomas Bridge , San Pedro , California.
The computer @-@ generated imagery ( CGI ) was employed to create a context @-@ less void ; the CGI effects were used to delete the background and setting before creating a void @-@ like digital canvas for the dance routine that is executed by Knowles and her dancers Ebony Williams and Ashley Everett , who all sport numerous flashy and symmetrical costumes throughout the video.
The aircraft was found on 15 April , 2 @,@ 300 metres ( 7 @,@ 500 ft ) from the airport.
" The release of the video was received by American activist Ann Simonton with an internet petition seeking the preemptive removal of the full video from broadcast or promotion , criticizing the video as glorifying sexual violence against women ..
He was scheduled to stand trial on 17 July 2006 on charges of destruction of property and assembling a crowd to disrupt traffic , but this was delayed at the request of the prosecution.
Regardless of these prophesies , they did it and now they ’ re paying the price.
At around this time , an expedition was planned in which a long @-@ term study of the Komodo dragon would be undertaken.
The player can also collect up to three " power plus " bricks , which increase the capability of any power ups collected.
Upon taking command , Wright briefed his ship commanders on his plan for engaging the Japanese in future , expected night battles around Guadalcanal.
There is no doubt , however , that Meares had the sloop North West America built in Nootka Sound , the first <unk> vessel built in the Pacific Northwest ..
Some prominent Chinese have used GR to <unk> their names : for example the mathematician <unk> @-@ Shen Chern.
When the King saw him , he rejoiced with a great joy , because he was fortified by his brother 's strength.
The Wrecker 's assault on Thunderwing proves futile , while Arcee teams up with Banzai @-@ Tron to track down the escaped Monstructor , and Jetfire prepares to use Thunderwing 's technology to enable other Autobots to survive the effects of the <unk> expanse.
" However , Pierson added that the cliff scene was clichéd , particularly as " we don ’ t really believe that he will die , so it is an action movie scene which we probably didn ’ t leave.
His setup has always been simple , mostly consisting of a snare drum , mounted tom , bass drum and floor tom while his usual cymbal setup consists of two crash cymbals , a ride cymbal and a pair of hi @-@ hats , with an occasional third crash : " I 've got four drums.
In 1964 , the freeway was extended another 1 @.@ 1 miles ( 1 @.@ 8 km ) westward with the completion of the overpasses at Nueces Bay Boulevard and Buddy Lawrence Boulevard.
During nine years of pollution control work reviewed by the North West Water Authority , the biggest improvement had been in the Bolton District , where effluent from five dilapidated sewage plants and two paper mills were now being treated at the Ringley Fold Works [ but ] there has been little reduction in pollution from the river Roch.
The Chandravanshi king is captured but becomes enraged upon seeing the Neelkanth.
Bevin responded with a web site tying Conway to President Barack Obama , who was very unpopular in Kentucky , saying that Conway would support environmental regulations that harm the coal industry and support the Affordable Care Act , which was also unpopular in the state , despite its nationally praised insurance exchange ..
The discrepancy has led several historians , including Miroslav Kárný and Randolph L. Braham , to dispute Vrba 's later recollections , though not the report itself ..
Bassist Disco <unk> took to the stage replacing Henno and guitarist Kyle Moorman assisted with the replacement of the guitarist by playing half the set and Rafferty would play the other.
The latest editions of the breed registry and studbook are controlled by the Syndicat national des <unk> et <unk> de chevaux Cob <unk> ( <unk> , National Union of Farmers and Users of Normandy Cob Horses ) , based in <unk> @-@ sur @-@ Vire.
This is legally permissible , so long as no evidence is destroyed.
On April 10 , 2004 , at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas , Judah fought Cory Spinks for the Undisputed Welterweight Championship.
Miller joined Morris and they took the score to 126 / 3 at stumps ..
" Bill Gibron of DVD Verdict , however , thought the plot seemed drawn out and " only Homer 's eating disorder and subliminal tape attempts at weight loss have lasting appeal.
Under diplomatic pressure the British agreed to deploy an infantry brigade in July , and would later dispatch a second brigade as the crisis worsened.
She wrote most tracks alone and collaborated on three songs , with Kevin Griffin , Jay Clifford and Clif Magness respectively.
A bold and decisive leader , Arnold was elected for two additional terms as governor , the last time following the devastation of King Philip 's War.
He helped increasing the population and industrialization of Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania.
Rapid breathing and a rapid heart rate are other signs.
In regions where the climate is warmer , there is more emphasis on soil that is less fertile , which promotes less vigor in the vine which can keep yields low.
For example , in the Netherlands and some other countries of Europe , knowledge of English as a second language is nearly universal , with over 80 percent of the population able to use it , and thus English is routinely used to communicate with foreigners and often in higher education.
Anderson reads Kay 's mind and learns that Peach Trees is the centre of Slo @-@ Mo production and distribution.
In this classic work , Cuvier presented the results of his life 's research into the structure of living and fossil animals.
The stone also contains iron , which gives it a red colour.
Although dismantling press censorship , speaking out in favour of freedom of the press , and befriending many journalists , Mandela was critical of much of the country 's media , noting that it was overwhelmingly owned and run by middle @-@ class whites and believing that it focused too much on scaremongering around crime.
Andrews has worked for MBNA America and Bank of America since 1999 ; as a Bank of America vice president and market manager for consumer banking , she has oversees fifteen banking centers in Delaware and Pennsylvania ..
He hit seven centuries , including an innings of 263 runs against Essex in the season , the highest first @-@ class score of his career.
Metamorphosis in L. canarium can be recognised by loss of the larval velar lobes and the development of the typical leaping motion of juvenile true conches ..
The <unk> <unk> riots were suspected of being condoned by priests , and together with the arrest of the bishops , drew attention to the Imperial government having become embroiled in a no @-@ win dispute.
They found and copied several and were particularly excited about their final discovery , the score to Rosamunde ..
In Batman Unmasked , a television documentary about the psychology of the character , behavioral scientist Benjamin <unk> notes that Batman 's personality is driven by Bruce Wayne 's inherent humanity ; that " Batman , for all its benefits and for all of the time Bruce Wayne devotes to it , is ultimately a tool for Bruce Wayne 's efforts to make the world better " ..
Supernatural had low ratings during its second season.
The gaps between Thurmont and Emmitsburg and between the city of Frederick and Harmony Grove were resurfaced between 1915 and 1919 ; the Frederick – Harmony Grove road followed the turnpike right @-@ of @-@ way north from <unk> 's Mill rather than the 1910 planned route via <unk> Pike ..
Inside the armada administration , it denoted the most important office , as it was filled by an officer who acted as the navy minister 's direct representative in the armada.
The winds downed two broadcasting towers in the city.
The episode includes an acoustic performance of Lady Gaga 's " Poker Face " , performed by Rachel and her mother Shelby.
" Asturias depicts aspects of life that are common to all dictatorial regimes , and so establishes El Señor Presidente as one of his most influential works ..
The freeway bypass of Romeo was started in the 1990s and finished to its current state in 2003 ..
I 'm not a great vocalist or a great instrumentalist or whatever , but I still have the fire in my belly , and I have something to say.
The existence of a <unk> ( Regio <unk> , " Saxon " ) neighbourhood was also attested until the 17th century.
In 1952 – 3 , Brooke @-@ Little served on the staff assembled by the Earl Marshal to plan the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
At the conclusion of the 2008 – 09 Big Ten Conference men 's basketball season he was named to the second team All @-@ Big Ten team by the media and the third team by the coaches ..
After considerable discussion , the British government allowed Royal Assent at the end of 1886 , and indicated it would send a warship to protect the fisheries if no agreement was reached with the Americans ..
Two forms of hepatorenal syndrome have been defined : Type 1 HRS entails a rapidly progressive decline in kidney function , while type 2 HRS is associated with ascites ( fluid accumulation in the abdomen ) that does not improve with standard diuretic medications ..
The committee left open the form that the memorial would take , beyond stating that the memorial was not to be " utilitarian in character " , and debate over the form led to the emergence of a number of suggestions , many of which were covered in the media of the day.
The band members occasionally wore satirical T @-@ shirts reading " <unk> / Drank ' Em All ".
The stamp identifies Gibbs as a " <unk> " and features a diagram from the 4th edition of Maxwell 's Theory of Heat , published in 1875 , which illustrates Gibbs 's thermodynamic surface for water.
Switzerland also has one of the world 's largest account balances as a percentage of GDP ..
Metacritic provides a score of 91 out of 100 from 29 critics for the Microsoft Windows version , 89 out of 100 from 35 critics for the PlayStation 3 version , and 88 out of 100 from 56 critics for the Xbox 360 version ..
Actinium was discovered in 1899 by André @-@ Louis Debierne , an assistant of Marie Curie , in the pitchblende waste left after removal of radium and polonium.
This was Tom Whittaker 's first season as manager , after his promotion to succeed Allison , and the club had equalled the champions of England record.
A scene depicting an attempted train robbery was inspired by a similar scene in North West Frontier ( 1959 ) , and a scene showing the massacre of Thakur 's family has been compared with the massacre of the McBain family in Once Upon a Time in the West.
Julia ( who knew that her son would be performing ) heard music coming from the field behind the church ( now the site of the Bishop Martin School ) , and pulled Mimi along with her to listen.
The remainder of the Chorus is located directly below the senior figures : Faith , Hope and Truth on the eastern pylon ; and Honour , Charity and Knowledge on the western pylon.
He continued , " Most predators had some trauma , they had been beaten up — for a simple reason : Dinner fights back.
" The Sue Sylvester Shuffle " is reported to be the most expensive post @-@ Super Bowl episode in television history , as well as the most expensive episode of Glee , costing $ 3 – $ 5 million.
The series follows the adventures of the Starfleet vessel USS Voyager , which is stranded by an enigmatic alien power in the Delta Quadrant of the Milky Way galaxy.
Salisbury founded the new genus Atylus in 1807 to remove this and other species from Protea , but did not make proper combinations for them in the new genus.
Ann Arbor also became a locus for left @-@ wing activism and served as a hub for the civil @-@ rights movement and anti @-@ Vietnam War movement , as well as the student movement.
In addition to his Austrian regulars , his force included 12 @,@ 000 men from the Electorate of Bavaria , 6 @,@ 000 troops from the Duchy of Württemberg , 5 @,@ 000 soldiers of low quality from the Archbishopric of Mainz , and 7 @,@ 000 militiamen from the County of Tyrol.
NFF has launched plans for a new national football stadium.
In general , in adults , investigations are not needed in mild cases.
Mason served a few months on the committee before resigning on the ground he was not a lawyer ; most of the work fell to Jefferson ( returned from Philadelphia ) , Pendleton , and Wythe.
Indeed , becoming aware of the Persian preparations for the coming invasion , the Athenians voted to build more ships than those for which Themistocles had asked.
By 22 November , the 2 / 23rd and 2 / 48th Battalions had reached the southern slopes of Sattelberg , holding a position approximately 600 metres ( 660 yd ) from the summit.
" Journalist Matthew Weiner commented in his review for Stylus that " Thirty @-@ five years after it startled Byrds fans everywhere with its Podunk proclivities , Sweetheart remains a particularly fascinating example of two musical ships passing in the night , documenting both Parsons ’ transformation into a visionary country @-@ rock auteur and a pop band ’ s remarkable sense of artistic risk.
An alternate studio version of " Do What U Want " featuring Christina Aguilera was released on January 1 , 2014 ; it marks their first collaboration.
For their opener they paid tribute to the hosts by wearing shirts each emblazoned with a single letter , spelling " Viva Uruguay " as the team lined up.
After internal fertilization the female produces and spawns a long , gelatinous tubular structure containing multiple eggs.
The game has been called a flawed masterpiece.
Parliament amended the Internal Affairs Act on 18 April , and the ZNG was formally established five days later.
Sheamus received his rematch for the title on 3 October at Hell in a Cell , but was again defeated by Orton in a Hell in a Cell match ..
Except in a few individuals , only the left ovary is functional.
On the web you 'll find a lot of Church of Scientology sites , and a lot of critics ' sites , which are generally very bitter.
In their passage to the final Manchester City faced opposition from the top division in all but one round.
Tengku Alam instigated the 1879 <unk> Civil War in a bid to reclaim Muar , but was quickly crushed by the Maharaja 's forces.
The Court directed Abbas Ali Meerza , son of Syed Md.
The port also served passenger traffic to Singapore , but this was <unk> due to a fire accident.
Following the expiry of the loan , Chesterfield opted against extending it.
The 4th Armored Division was eventually able to reach Bastogne , where the 101st Airborne Division had been surrounded by German forces , and relieve it.
They then go to a French restaurant for lunch where Ferris poses as the " Sausage King of Chicago " , Abe Froman , while narrowly avoiding his father , who is eating lunch at the restaurant.
The disturbance moved northward uneventfully until late on September 23 , when the disturbance became a tropical depression at a distance of 100 mi ( 160 km ).
The depression eventually crossed the Bahamas and became extratropical ..
Reunited , the division participated in the Liberation of Manila , and two companies of divisional paratroopers conducted an audacious raid on the Los Baños internment camp , liberating two thousand civilians.
At the time the hurricane struck , Aaron Burr , hiding from federal officials , was taking refuge at St. Simons Island on the property of John Couper , though was unable to return to Hampton due to deteriorating conditions.
After McKenzie threatened to take her offer to the Air Force instead , the urgent need for trained telegraphists prevailed , and on 21 April a Navy Office letter authorised the entry of women into the Navy.
Even the smallest open mantapa has 13 bays.
Risk factors for elevated lead exposure include alcohol consumption and smoking ( possibly because of contamination of tobacco leaves with lead @-@ containing pesticides ).
The stone , which is set in the wall , originally came from Newborough , Anglesey.
The proposed transaction was defeated in a municipal referendum.
Joe Sakic became the only Avalanche player ever to be chosen as the All @-@ Star Game Most Valuable Player during the 2004 NHL All @-@ Star Game , when he scored a hat @-@ trick.
Sean Daly for Tampa Bay Times labelled the song as a " club @-@ scorching marvel of dance @-@ club breathlessness and brassy blasts ".
It consists of twelve family houses , to accommodate up to 120 children.
General Hermann Balck used the 11th Panzer Division to counterattack Soviet salients.
The first volume of an official anthology comic featuring guest artists was released on September 12 , 2011.
One volunteer firefighter , Floyd McMullen , a student at Willamette University , died in the fire , which drew firefighters from as far away as Portland.
Agincourt had one 2 @-@ cylinder horizontal return connecting rod @-@ steam engine , made by Maudslay , driving a single propeller using steam provided by 10 rectangular fire @-@ tube boilers.
In 2013 , Mississippi Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) calculated as many as 1 @,@ 000 vehicles traveling north of Birch Drive , and as few as 840 vehicles traveling south of MS 607.
The federal government has dedicated nearly 2 @,@ 000 times more acreage to oil and gas leases than to solar development.
The second ' police action ' was a diplomatic disaster for the Dutch cause.
Heider , contrasting the two films , suggests that Darah dan Doa portrayed communists in a more sympathetic light and " ignored " Darul Islam , while Mereka Kembali did not depict the events in Madiun and demonised Darul Islam.
Releasing The X Factor , the band had their lowest chart position since 1981 for an album in the UK ( debuting at No. 8 ) , although it would go on to win Album of the Year awards in France and Germany.
In the song " Signs " , Beyoncé sings about being in love with a Sagittarius , which coincidentally is Jay @-@ Z 's zodiac sign.
On reaching London , Wyatt was defeated and captured.
VanDerWerff stated that it would be easy to criticize Glee , but while television as a whole does not do earnestness well , Glee at its best , as in " Grilled Cheesus " , " revels in just how damn earnest it can be ".
Later that month , he rode the Vuelta a España and helped his team with the opening team time trial.
In the episode , Logan mentions that producers wanted Tara Reid to play Trina Echolls ( Alyson Hannigan ) in casting for the film adaptation of the Echolls ' story.
Slotin earned a Ph.D. degree in physical chemistry from the university in 1936.
Nevertheless , the division remained in Syria over Christmas , during which time they endured a bitterly cold winter that saw heavy snow falls.
A second force attempted to cross further north but was hit with machine gun and artillery fire , falling back in confusion.
Eight line officers were added to the board ; this group favored the superposed turrets of " B ".
Despite his inexperience in the outfield , Youkilis did not commit an error while in the outfield ; he did , however , commit eight errors while playing the infield ..
The Secret Service follows the adventures of Father Stanley Unwin , the parish priest of a rural English village.
One Canadian critic said that the play 's Bangkok setting allows Canadians to easily dissociate from the issue.
The poem does this by making the kisses between Lady Bertilak and Gawain sexual in nature , but rendering the kisses between Gawain and Lord Bertilak " unintelligible " to the medieval reader.
In December 1998 , before the Third Test between Australia and England at the Adelaide Oval , the journalist Malcolm Conn of The Australian uncovered the story of John.
However , these battles take place in a single room rather than a series of linearly connected rooms.
After larval development in the first year , juveniles pass another year or two before reaching maturity ; in the north and at higher elevations , this can take longer.
He broke the assists record by Bob Cousy , who had recorded 715 assists two seasons earlier , by logging 899.
In Center City , US 8 runs between North and South Center lakes , curving around the north shore of South Center Lake.
Yankovic also approached Prince about a potential parody of " When Doves Cry " , circa 1984.
This caused some grumbling amongst the men , since Arnold was not particularly well respected.
He was credited with his second victory on 15 September 1941 , a Wellington shot down at 23 : 30 northwest of Meppen.
While some -300 customers continued operating the type , several large carriers replaced their 747 @-@ 300s with 747 @-@ 400s.
Another French spectator recorded , " Strangers of all nations were now forced to recognise that in these things France had surpassed , with these parades , bravado , glories and magnificences , all other nations and even herself " ..
Shakespeare 's Much Ado About Nothing and As You Like It have been cited in particular as an influence on the film and the screwball comedy in general , with their " haughty , self @-@ sufficient men , strong women and fierce combat of words and wit.
Leonardo DiCaprio stated that he had a meeting with Schumacher about appearing in the film , but was ultimately not cast ..
The first disc of the 2 @-@ disc set contains Death Proof and Planet Terror , along with the faux trailers , including the " trailer " for Machete.
She proves to her critics that she isn 't just the glitter and trash of the dance club scene , and that she can belt it out nearly as well as the best of them ".
The following season in 1949 – 50 , the Australians headed to South Africa for a five Test tour.
Condit was never named as a suspect by police and was eventually cleared of involvement.
On 4 January 2011 , he wrote Ajax a letter to cancel his contract ..
Burrell finished the season with career highs in almost every offensive category , including runs ( 96 ) , batting average ( .286 ) , and games ( 157 ).
Dyer was impressed by Bacon 's self @-@ confidence and his artistic success , and Bacon acted as a protector and father figure to the insecure younger man.
In September 1994 The Inquirer and WPHL @-@ TV co @-@ produced a 10 : 00 p.m. newscast called Inquirer News Tonight.
Đurišić also said Josip Broz Tito and his Partisans were the only serious enemy.
At cruising load , the monitors had a forward draft of <unk> m ( 2 ft 4 in ) , an aft draft of 1 @.@ 07 m ( 3 ft 6 in ) , and a maximum draft of 1 @.@ 60 m ( 5 ft 3 in ).
Hesketh Pearson said of Carte : " His acute business sense was aided by a frank and agreeable manner .... He took what other people thought were risks , but he felt were certainties.
Centipede became a moderate chart success , reaching number 13 on Billboard 's Top R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Albums chart and number 63 on its Top 200.
In July 1965 , on Nashville 's Channel 5 Night Train , Hendrix made his first television appearance.
Upon returning to the ship , the Captain learns that the ship is trapped in an alternative dimension ( referred to as Dimension VVVVVV ) , and that the ship 's crew has been scattered throughout this dimension.
Balcatta Road joins the intersection of the southbound ramps with Reid Highway.
" It was a terrible mistake , " Kelly said , " as bad as it was that she had died , it 's equally exciting that she hadn 't.
Unfit for the first two Tests against South Africa , he chose to miss the next two , and played in the final game , scoring 10 and 52.
In 1994 , songwriter Crystal Cartier accused Jackson , Bottrell and Riley of plagiarizing the song.
" Discussing the difficulty of going into Seattle for the final , Crew forward Barros Schelotto commented , " The field is for Seattle.
It ’ s now one of the whole series ’ signature moments : Walter and Walternate , side @-@ by @-@ side.
The practice of Adidam is now defined by its emphasis on a devotional relationship to Adi Da , whom followers see as an enlightened source of power serving as the sole gateway to the divine.
In Annapolis Valley , strong winds heavily damaged the apple and grain crop , with farms experiencing losses up to 50 %.
Planning for Comet was well advanced when on 10 September the mission was cancelled.
Noël cured me ; by trying to make me laugh outrageously , he taught me how not to give in to it.
The later " Group D " of artists led by Abidin Dino , Cemal <unk> , Fikret <unk> , <unk> Zeid , Bedri <unk> <unk> , Adnan <unk> and <unk> <unk> introduced some trends that had lasted in the West for more than three decades.
It was less financially successful than the popular Sense and Sensibility , which was released in cinemas several months later.
Group two commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Lovat would land at Orange Two and take out the beach defences.
Following the discovery of the diamond mines in South Africa , men such as Solly Joel had established a diamond syndicate to restrict the amount of diamonds on the market.
When general elections were held , FUNCINPEC , now headed by Sihanouk 's son Norodom Ranariddh , won , while the Cambodian People 's Party ( CPP ) headed by Hun Sen came in second.
Mindy <unk> , in The Austin Chronicle , described the album as " cover @-@ free , and , since we 're on the subject , genre @-@ free.
Since its original release , the film has become a science fiction classic.
She also steadfastly refused to provide an introduction , writing in 1995 : " Introductions inhibit pleasure , they kill the joy of anticipation , they frustrate curiosity.
However , Smith initially gave up the game when Nelson could no longer afford to pay him.
The mutineers seized control of the offices of the incumbent African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) and radio stations.
Musical guests such as vocalist <unk> Nagano , keyboardist Larry Dunn , bass player Larry Graham , keyboardist Amp Fiddler , and pedal steel guitarist Robert Randolph also contributed to the album 's recording sessions , with Saadiq selecting their parts for certain tracks.
In this position , as the key figure of the economic development , Rau came into conflict with SED General Secretary Walter Ulbricht.
During this time , sculptural arts peaked and " India entered upon the classical phase of sculpture ".
Yardley played schoolboy cricket at St Peter 's , York.
While its exact length is unknown , Landis reports it may have reached nearly to the site of the covered bridge ..
Set against this many of the lyrical passages are amongst his finest.
After again allying with the Labour Party in 1997 , Odlum was returned to Parliament , receiving appointment as Foreign Minister in the government of Kenny Anthony.
When Tada discovered this the next day he ordered Yanagawa to stop immediately , but was ignored.
By the late 1830s activists for the abolition of slavery had grown into a potent political force in the state.
I suppose the peace of mind and the serenity one achieves through meditation makes the time fly , " and that he also enjoyed the food , unlike Starr , who had brought a suitcase full of baked beans with him.
His paternal grandfather was one of the founders of the International Ladies ' Garment Workers ' Union ( <unk> ).
As revealed in the fourth season episode " Jump the Shark " , John slept with a woman he met while away on a hunt.
The first of the five books begins with some geographical background , and then sketches the history of England , beginning with Caesar 's invasion in 55 BC.
Thus , the human / mouse chimeric antibody <unk> ends in <unk> just as the human / macaque antibody <unk>.
The main characters Kuros and Malkil would make appearances in the animated series The Power Team ( part of the TV video game reviewing show Video Power ) and Captain N : The Game Master.
The commission was disbanded in May 1970 , after having effectively served its purpose , and the members each received a letter of thanks from the governor ..
Other violations include stolen or unoriginal recordings , cover versions , arrangements which differ so far from the source material as to be unrecognizable , and obvious sub @-@ par execution.
Using its robot army , Chitti occupies AIRD and causes mayhem in the city.
The waterway , the former railroad right @-@ of @-@ way and the road take similar paths to the hamlet of Westtown , where NY 284 serves as the main north – south route through the community.
" There had long been a culture of drug use among jazz and blues musicians , and , in the early 1960s , use of drugs ( including cannabis , peyote , mescaline and LSD ) had begun to grow among folk and rock musicians , who also began to include drug references in their songs.
Now solidly in the Presbyterian fold , Breckinridge began to follow in the footsteps of his brother John , criticizing Roman Catholicism in a number of his speeches and publications.
Kramer persuades Jerry to give him his old leather jacket as he will no longer be using it ..
Dei Gratia reached Gibraltar on December 12 , 1872 , and Mary Celeste , which had encountered fog , arrived on the following morning.
It is possible for variety artists to appear in all of these.
Mycologist Rolf Singer places the species in the section Marginatae ; mycologist Thom Kuyper considers Marginatae a supersection , and includes I. praetervisa along with I. abietis , I. calospora and I. godeyi.
She then began her sea trials , which concluded in June.
Shaw retained a lifelong obsession that Lee might have been his biological father ; there is no consensus among Shavian scholars on the likelihood of this.
These urban foxes are noticeably bolder than their country cousins , sharing the pavement with pedestrians and raising cubs in people 's backyards.
" Fashion journalist Cathy Horyn of The New York Times differed and said , " If ever there was a reason for a pop star to concentrate on her vocal skills , it was Gwen Stefani 's fashion meltdown.
Two of the fifty largest cities in the United States are located in Oklahoma , Oklahoma City and Tulsa , and 65 percent of Oklahomans live within their metropolitan areas , or spheres of economic and social influence defined by the United States Census Bureau as a metropolitan statistical area.
Salsa singer Yolanda Duke recorded the song for the tribute album Familia RMM Recordando a Selena ( 1996 ).
Sutcliffe 's father did not hear of his son 's death for three weeks , as he was sailing to South America , although the family arranged for a padre to tell him when he docked in Buenos Aires.
R.C. MacLeod wrote of another tradition which stated that the flag was waved at a battle in Waternish , in about 1580 ; and of another which told of how it was waved during a time when a cattle plague was raging , and that it stopped the murrain.
The Guardian also noted that at times during its first week of release , The Magic Whip sold " more than the rest of the top five combined ".
I wish I could say that about a lot more people.
... So as we started to work , he played this little rhythmic pattern – a riff on the piano , the thing that goes under the chorus.
The Law of the Republic of Lithuania on the National Flag and Other Flags governs the rules , use , protocol and manufacturing of the national and other flags used inside the country ..
Several scenes featuring the boat in port were created by filming an empty harbor and then superimposing a ship via digital technology.
In 2001 , he committed C $ 100 @,@ 000 towards a major renovation of the Port Hood Arena.
This story has been the subject of poems , songs and a Tamil historical novel by M. Karunanidhi.
" A month later , Vincent 's HQ , relocated to <unk> , was abandoned , with the 68th retreating to the 14th Air Force stronghold at Kunming.
In the United Kingdom version of Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe , both the Joker and Deathstroke 's first Fatality depict them each finishing their opponent with a gunshot to the head , both shown uncut from a distance.
In 1972 Odlum left his job with the Council of Ministers to form the St Lucia Action Movement , which later merged with a weakened Labour Party in time for the 1974 general election ..
A hit by Quebec 's Dale Hunter on Montreal goaltender Steve Penney sparked a bench @-@ clearing brawl at the end of the second period.
Day @-@ to @-@ day city operations are managed by a city administrator chosen by the city council ..
As it had done in 1892 , Parliament established a joint committee under Lord Windsor to review the bills.
His full brother , Robert Chandler , died when he fell from a cherry tree when he was 13 years old ..
After capturing Chongju on 30 October the British and Australians had been ordered to pull back to Pakchon in an attempt to consolidate the western flank of the US Eighth Army.
Since 30 March 2014 the search has been coordinated by the Joint Agency Coordination Centre ( JACC ) , an Australian government agency established specifically to co @-@ ordinate the search effort to locate and recover Flight 370 , which primarily involves the Malaysian , Chinese , and Australian governments ..
The overworld map is a 3D model , featuring a scaled @-@ down version of the game 's fictional world , across which the player travels between the game 's locations.
The town even considered placing a bid for the 1968 Winter Olympics.
US 2 turns south and crosses over the <unk> River and the Centennial Trail before its limited @-@ access road ends at a diamond interchange with 88th Street.
Some critics charged that Shiller was frustrating developers while using the Wilson Yard project to maintain her political base.
Polygon 's Arthur Gies said Titanfall was not the " kind sea change Modern Warfare started ".
American media personality Martha Stewart guest starred in " The Fight Before Christmas " as an animated version of herself.
Before the constitutional convention in 1816 , Pennington was quoted as saying " Let us be on our guard when our convention men are chosen that they be men opposed to slavery.
The NAIT was launched in 1983 , ten years after the firm was founded ..
In 1949 , Davidson was born to Francis and Annette Davidson , the former a businessman and the latter a concert pianist.
Shankly was recommended by a scout called Peter Carruthers who had seen him playing for Cronberry.
While the assessment was true at the time , it coincided with Brezhnev 's strengthening of power by means of an apparent clash with Central Committee Secretariat Mikhail Suslov.
" The actual recording began in January 2006 , with plans to release the album , Revelations in June.
They departed the following day and reached Port Stanley in the Falklands on the morning of 7 December ..
There are also glass banks at <unk> Shopping Centre , the <unk> Car Park , Morrisons Car Park and East <unk> Road.
The episode was written by Paul Lieberstein and Michael Schur , and was directed by Ken Kwapis.
In response , Henry issued an order , called a " device " , in 1539 , giving instructions for the " defence of the realm in time of invasion " and the construction of forts along the English coastline ..
As Australia often won by an innings , and declared in the first innings many time due to their batting strength , Johnston only had 18 innings in his 21 first @-@ class fixtures and scored 188 runs at 18 @.@ 80 , the third lowest average and aggregate.
You 've gone back to the blueprint of what the characters are and you 've started from there , as opposed to copying anything.
24 : The Game takes place between the events of the second and third seasons.
In due course this festival became an important annual event in Kensington ; Vaughan Williams was among the adjudicators.
After the game Giants fans chanted " 18 and 1 ! 18 and 1 ! " , reminiscent of the infamous " 1918 " chant , towards Patriots fans as they left the stadium.
Speaking of Insomniac , vocalist / guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong noted , " It did a lot better than I thought it was going to do ... From the sound of it , we knew it wasn 't going to sell as much as Dookie.
A brief instrumental version of Still Alive is played in an uptempo Latin style over radios in @-@ game.
A considerable majority of Swedish residents born outside Sweden ( c.
He wrote that the game 's visuals were the biggest leap , particularly after the " slow and chunky " graphics of the earlier release.
" Brashear was a tenacious <unk> , who created momentum by playing aggressive and delivering body checks , while possessing an underrated shot.
The Mid @-@ County Expressway received its " Blue Route " nickname from the chosen route through Delaware County on planning maps on which it was differentiated from the other proposed routes by its color ..
In the Concordat of 1801 , Napoleon came to an agreement with Pope Pius VII to reconcile the Catholic church to the French state.
The oldest is the Croonian Lecture , created in 1701 at the request of the widow of William <unk> , one of the founding members of the Royal Society.
The first two attacks had been successful and as Allied commanders began to believe that a breakthrough was possible further attacks were made at Poelcappelle on 9 October and at Passchendaele on 12 October despite heavy rain that turned the ground into a muddy quagmire.
From an English @-@ speaking outfit it was transformed into a Hebrew speaking unit.
Heading into the Sugar Bowl , the Virginia Tech offense was led by quarterback Bryan Randall , who completed 149 of 268 passes ( 55 @.@ 6 percent ) for 1 @,@ 965 yards , 19 touchdowns , and seven interceptions.
The first session lasted 90 minutes , while the second session lasted 45 minutes.
Sensing Cheryl 's return , Alessa manifested the symbols in the town to prevent the birth.
Fraser McAlpine from BBC wrote a mixed review for the song , recognizing Aguilera 's maturity in the lyrics.
It is the second single by the group to be beaten by Flo Rida in a battle for the number one chart position although , it is their seventh top @-@ ten UK hit ..
This was finally accomplished through Edward I 's war in Wales in 1277.
In the early stages , it was called Greenlight City , based on Burbank , California.
In order to survive , she must answer the man 's trivia questions.
Lincoln 's followers organized a campaign team led by David Davis , Norman Judd , Leonard Swett , and Jesse DuBois , and Lincoln received his first endorsement to run for the presidency.
He disagreed with the " cinematic action games " he saw to be popular at the time and hoped to contribute more compelling ideas to the young industry.
1331 – 55 ) as sevastokrator , and Emperor Uroš V ( r.
The most common location for neuroblastoma to originate ( i.e. , the primary tumor ) is in the adrenal glands.
However , the cyclone continued its northward trajectory , the center remaining offshore , and it weakened to a tropical depression prior to making landfall near Cedar Key early on October 12 ..
Game Informer states that they " often run as long as 15 minutes , exhausting players with repetition of obvious plot points and overwrought dialogue as mature and interesting as a teenager ’ s diary " and declared Samus as " [ t ] he biggest culprit in the bad storytelling ".
Cho was fired less than a year later , and director of college scouting Chad Buchanan served as interim general manager for the entire 2011 – 12 season.
Continuing a theme of his presidency , in 2006 Mosley called for Formula One manufacturers to develop technology relevant to road cars.
<unk> began with the Knox – Porter Resolution , declaring the U.S. at peace and reserving any rights granted under Versailles.
These marine elements extend to an area of around 350 square kilometres ( 140 sq mi ).
In the latter half of the 20th century , scholars widely believed that bog bodies demonstrating injuries to the neck or head area were examples of ritual sacrifice.
The storm eventually made landfall in Myanmar on May 19.
The enrollment dropped from 2 @,@ 077 students in 1940 to a low of 860 students ( 21 % were men ) in spring 1943.
In Tales From The Time Loop ( 2003 ) , Icke argues that the reptilians creat religious , racial , ethnic and sexual division to divide and conquer humanity.
Allied naval and land @-@ based tactical air units also attacked Japan during 1945 ..
The sticky bomb could be either thrown or slapped in place by hand , in the latter case , the advice was to use sufficient force to break the glass thereby creating a greater area of contact resulting in a more effective explosion.
They experience thirst , hunger , injury , and fear , culminating with the only two surviving migrants being turned away by a vigilante at the border.
The removal of the north side of the mountain ( 13 % of the cone 's volume ) reduced Mount St. Helens ' height by about 1 @,@ 280 feet ( 390 m ) and left a crater 1 to 2 miles ( 2 to 3 km ) wide and 2 @,@ 100 feet ( 640 m ) deep with its north end open in a huge breach ..
On the first show of the tour , at Vancouver 's Pacific Coliseum on 2 November , Harrison played the song following his opening instrumental , " Hari 's on Tour ( Express ) ".
Although executive producer Robert Singer stated that Jo would not be appearing in the sixth season , he noted that it was possible she could return in the next season ..
It more than doubled the show 's previously highest rating in the age group , and constituted the largest 18 @-@ 49 rating for an NBC entertainment telecast in four @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half years , since the tenth season finale of the medical drama series ER on May 13 , 2004.
If citizens of one race having certain qualifications are permitted by law to vote , those of another having the same qualifications must be.
While the episode was the eighth produced in the season , it was the tenth aired , having been delayed to free up production resources for the two part episodes " Tunguska " and " Terma ".
The desultory bombardment killed 12 Ottoman soldiers and severely wounded 23 more in addition to 7 dead civilians.
Fish was the Whig candidate for Lieutenant Governor of New York in 1846 , but was defeated by Democrat Addison Gardiner who had been endorsed by the Anti @-@ Rent Party.
In 2004 , researchers reported a connection between C. geaster and the appearance of blackish @-@ brown tufted structures on rotting wood.
After mining declined at the turn of the 20th century , agriculture and logging replaced mining as the primary influences in the economy.
The transfer fee of £ 3 million set a club record that stood until 2007 ..
In 1936 , Wally Snell reported finding a specimen of Boletus crassipes , another species described by Peck from Mount Gretna , Pennsylvania.
Various weapon upgrades can be found during gameplay.
" She also said that nods to the larger MCU are in the series , with each episode having a " little something in it.
It was an " Italian @-@ German quasi @-@ protectorate " , which was controlled by the fascist Ustaše led by Ante Pavelić.
They pulled heavy loads , having the power to pull weapons or supply wagons and disposition to remain calm under fire.
The trail had multiple routes ; however , the main route proceeded north towards Moab , Utah , one of the few places where the Colorado River can be crossed without having to traverse steep cliffs.
The game was originally released in Japan on April 27 , 1990.
Gibraltar competed at the 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games ( officially known as the IV Commonwealth Youth Games ) held in the Isle of Man from 7 to 13 September 2011.
British @-@ appointed figures such as the Governor were thereafter ignored by Salisbury.
Although the novel 's events take place in a fictional future , the three parts allegorically represent crucial phases of Western history.
It was not until after the conference Sakurai was called to Satoru Iwata 's room on the top floor of a Los Angeles hotel , where he was told by Iwata " We 'd like you to be involved in the production of the new Smash Bros. , if possible near the level of director ".
MLSE spent more than $ 21 million building the facility and pays rent for the land , In July 2014 it was announced that MLSE would expand the training grounds to house a practice facility for the Argos , which would rent the facility from MLSE and practice on a nearby city owned field.
The North Stand is squeezed into a tight space between the pitch and the Eastern Necropolis ( cemetery ).
For Chatterjee , Larkin 's poetry responds strongly to changing " economic , socio @-@ political , literary and cultural factors " ..
Finch had not listened to The Archers prior to her audition in 1987 and she tried to learn as much as she could about the history of the show before she came to the studio.
The process of depicting the descendants of humanity as the way they appear in the movie was slow.
There had been a distillery in the Evanton area of the Kiltearn parish as early as the eighteenth century , its existence being reported by Harry Robertson , the author of the late eighteenth century Kiltearn section of the late eighteenth century 1st Statistical Account.
Lookouts spotted the torpedo tracks and Ark Royal turned towards the attack , reducing her cross @-@ section and causing the torpedoes to miss and explode harmlessly astern.
The rockfowl 's courtship displays are unknown.
Brook Farm was one of at least 80 communal experiments active in the United States throughout the 1840s , though it was the first to be secular.
HIV crossed the species barrier between chimpanzees and humans in Africa in the early decades of the 20th century.
General McClellan failed to maintain the trust of President Abraham Lincoln.
Rega co @-@ founder and chief designer Roy Gandy realised the plinth could be made lighter if thicker bracing was installed at key points to make the structure stronger and stiffer.
The following year , four more restaurants were added : Støren , Myrdal , <unk> and Hell.
In the 1930s , the entire length of both PA 333 and PA 997 were paved along with PA 433 between Lurgan and Roxbury , PA 944 between Roxbury and McCrea , and the unnumbered road between Mont Alto and north of Fayetteville via Black Gap.
The district 's 2010 – 11 Median Classroom Teacher Salary of $ 55 @,@ 860 is ranked 57th in the state in its grouping , the Median Support Service Salary is $ 82 @,@ 433 ( 54th ) , while the Median Administrator Salary is $ 103 @,@ 750 ( 56th ) ..
Much of the blizzard of paper the Republican campaign was able to pay for concentrated on this area / By September , this had its effect as silver sentiment began to fade.
The Wistert brothers all wore jersey No. 11 at Michigan and are among the seven players who have had their numbers retired by the Michigan Wolverines football program.
In the case of a tie , multiple awards are presented ..
In 1994 , Kajol featured in the melodrama <unk> Ki Zindagi , as the granddaughter of the characters played by <unk> and <unk> Chatterjee.
The Nissan Leaf SL trim also has a small solar panel at the rear of the roof / spoiler that can trickle charge the auxiliary 12 @-@ volt lead @-@ acid battery ..
Tics may appear up to the age of eighteen , but the most typical age of onset is from five to seven.
The Congregation recognized Vermigli 's work by appointing him to a disciplinary commission of seven canons in May 1542 ..
P. hadriani also has a pitted cap , and occurs less frequently than P. ravenelii.
Built in reaction to the acquisition of modern armored warships by several South American countries , Texas was meant to incorporate the latest developments in naval tactics and design.
In attendance were the incumbent president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono as " Ceremony Inspector " , and vice @-@ president , government ministers , and armed forces chiefs of staff.
The winner wore a red number bib the following stage.
The divisional history comments that the attack " progressed rapidly and resulted in a complete rout of the enemy " and that the brigade was able to achieve its final objective on the <unk> – <unk> road.
" Croft told NME in November , " I guess ' personal differences ' would be the standard way to say it.
In 1796 , shortly after starting his work in Farmington , he married Rachel Hills.
New pastas were among the 31 new menu offerings , Desserts were also included , among them a chocolate fudge mousse that received a Gold Medal at the 2010 Royal Queensland Food and Wine Show.
A remake of the original game , Sword of Mana ( 2003 ) , was published for the Game Boy Advance.
He also expressed disappointment at the quality of previous in @-@ universe games and wanted the new Star Trek to be " a triple @-@ A game " and something that the franchise deserved ..
In the 1944 legislative session , the rival parties fought to a stalemate over the budget.
" In recent years , Richie Unterberger , writing for the Allmusic website , has described " Eight Miles High " as " one of the greatest singles of the ' 60s.
The club rejected Given 's request , which was then withdrawn by the goalkeeper , who later stated that his " intention was simply to express [ his ] frustration at being left out of the team , " and that he " never had any intention of actually leaving the club.
Sir Arthur Pendragon 's main objective is to free the soul of its former captain , Richard Cavendish.
These included other hit singles " We Made You " , " Old Time 's Sake " , and " 3 a.m. " ( the only track Dre did not produce was the Eminem @-@ produced single " Beautiful " ) ..
With only a small local population during medieval times , as a result of the introduction of industry , mass migration of village workers into Oldham occurred , resulting in a population change from under 2 @,@ 000 in 1714 to 12 @,@ 000 in 1801 to 137 @,@ 000 in 1901 In 1851 its population of 52 @,@ 820 made Oldham the 12th most populous town in England.
The oldest mushrooms have caps which are almost completely flat.
The synthesizer intro to " Baba O 'Riley " was programmed based on Meher Baba 's vital stats , and the track featured a violin solo by Dave Arbus.
Alex Rocco is a credited guest voice as Roger Meyers , Jr. for the third and final time ( having previously provided the character 's voice in " Itchy & Scratchy & Marge " and " The Day the Violence Died " ) , and Phil Hartman guest stars as Troy McClure.
We were very much in love and still are.
Off eastern Newfoundland , they chiefly feed on capelin , but also take small quantities of euphausiids ( mostly T. raschii and T. inermis ).
A $ 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 fundraising drive and the armistice in 1918 saved the university.
Shortly after 19 : 20 , König again entered gunnery range of the battleship Warspite and opened fire on her target.
This Hutchinson refused to do , since he saw these actions as harming the province 's stability and taking place at " the caprice of the governor ".
Admiral Richard S. Edwards , Commander , Submarines , Atlantic Fleet ( <unk> ) , selected the now Captain Christie as tactical commander for the proposed submarine force in British waters.
MacVittie approached Yoshimura about the criticism , but Yoshimura agreed with Fleder 's interpretation.
A peace accord was announced between the United States and Algiers in March 1796 , as construction slowly progressed , and construction was halted in accordance with the Naval Act of 1794.
The armament suite was rounded out with six 45 cm ( 18 in ) torpedo tubes , all mounted submerged in the hull ..
Goldman divided his palustris group in two " sections " — a couesi section with O. couesi and six related species , and a palustris section with O. palustris only.
Matt Selman , an executive producer and writer on The Simpsons , was the one who conceived of the idea behind the episode.
" While appearing in a summer stock production of What Every Woman Knows in Westport , Connecticut ‍ — ‌ her second professional stage appearance ‍ — ‌ de Havilland began dating Marcus Goodrich , a Navy veteran , journalist , and author of the 1941 novel Delilah.
Foreigners , in turn , affected the Chinese economy.
The highest rate of female suicide is found in South Korea at 22 per 100 @,@ 000 , with high rates in South @-@ East Asia and the Western Pacific generally ..
Later that night , Cena and Jericho were placed in a tag team match and faced off against Christian and Tyson Tomko.
She casts a spell upon him and he is sent to the land of Mohareb , by now an evil Sultan.
In 1865 , Burges met John Patrick Crichton @-@ Stuart , 3rd Marquess of Bute.
She is a longtime friend of Doggett 's and becomes his partner after Scully 's departure.
As recently as the 1800s , the behaviour of the red @-@ throated loon was used to forecast the weather ; according to the conventional wisdom of the time , birds flying inland or giving short cries predicted good weather , while those flying out to sea or giving long , wailing cries predicted rain.
Some researchers have found that the feedback from virtual reality games is particularly effective in giving the user tools to improve control of his or her mu wave patterns.
Following the success of Channel 4 's Alternative Election Night in 2010 , which Mitchell hosted with Jimmy Carr , Charlie Brooker and Lauren Laverne , the four presented 10 O 'Clock Live , a series of live shows looking at the week 's affairs.
The commission later decided to include the tolls on new tickets ..
By around 17 : 00 , the crew aboard Prince of Wales restored nine of her ten main guns to working order , which permitted Wake @-@ Walker to place her in the front of his formation to attack Bismarck if the opportunity arose ..
Luke 3 : 23 states that Jesus was " about thirty years old " at the start of his ministry , which according to Acts 10 : 37 – 38 was preceded by John 's ministry , itself recorded in Luke 3 : 1 – 2 to have begun in the 15th year of Tiberius ' reign ( 28 or 29 AD ).
In September 2011 , the Detroit City Council approved plans for the race to be held on the weekend of June 1 – 3 , 2012.
The earliest surviving written material which contains the works of Sushruta is the Bower Manuscript — dated to the 4th century CE ..
Phellinus gilvus has a yellowish to rusty @-@ yellow fibrous cap , yellowish @-@ brown flesh that stains black in KOH , and a grayish @-@ brown to dark brown pore surface.
In 2005 , Electronic Gaming Monthly placed Panzer Dragoon Saga # 1 in its list of cult classic games.
A bulky animal , it warms up slowly , but at some time later in the day it moves into the water , still exposing its dorsal surface to the sun.
The Xbox 360 version of the game was the ninth @-@ best @-@ selling game in the US according to the NPD Group , selling approximately 362 @,@ 100 copies.
After leaving and grabbing onto a tree , she witnessed cars and mobile homes passing by ..
The pectoral fins are rather long and broad.
Chesbro began throwing a spitball in the 1904 season , which he learned from Elmer Stricklett , the inventor of the spitball.
Of the tributes from fellow authors , one refers to his relatively sudden death : " We wondered , Shakespeare , that thou went 'st so soon / From the world 's stage to the grave 's tiring room.
War correspondent Peter W. Alexander wrote that Lee " acted , probably , under the impression that his troops were able to carry any position however formidable.
On the first ballot , Johnson led with 200 votes to 150 for Hamlin and 108 for Dickinson.
The confused responsibility for intelligence between the Second and Fifth Bureaus , the Ministry of the Interior and the police also led to delays in providing intelligence to the armies in the field during the battle.
Her full name means " grace born of a dream " in Balinese.
The funds were instead allocated to the construction of a motorway that would travel between Ljubljana , Zagreb , Belgrade , and Skopje , then known as the Brotherhood and Unity Highway.
This time he was joined by Marcel Marceau ; the two artists alternated performances for the hour @-@ long program , sharing the stage to perform Pinocchio.
The single " Passive " can also be heard in the 2005 movie Constantine when John Constantine ( Keanu Reeves ) enters Papa Midnite 's office in his club in the second half of the movie.
The highway runs through the southwestern outskirts of town near a golf course as it approaches a junction with M @-@ 61.
It replaced the overcrowded Kai Tak Airport in Kowloon in 1998 , and has been rated as the world 's best airport in a number of surveys.
The onset of the Quasi @-@ War with France in 1798 prompted Congress to authorize completion of " Frigate D " , and they approved resumption of the work on 16 July.
Population densities varied with a high of 1 @.@ 2 / km2 ( 3 @.@ 1 / sq mi ) reported in Suriname and with a low of 0 @.@ 154 / km2 ( 0 @.@ 40 / sq mi ) found in Guyana ..
" Someday ( I Will Understand ) " was composed by Spears on the piano at her house , two weeks before she learned of her pregnancy with Sean Preston.
In 1964 Sarria declared himself " Empress José I , The Widow Norton " and founded the Imperial Court System , which grew to become an international association of charitable organizations ..
McCloskey signed McGinnity , who made his professional debut with the Colts in 1893.
Mahone informs the FBI that Michael is going to parachute into the prison , and when a dummy is parachuted into the prison Michael has enough of a distraction to break Sara out.
The track was performed by West and Jay on their Watch the Throne tour.
If he doesn ’ t , that ’ s cool too.
Other users included Penguin Books ' iconic paperback jacket designs from 1935 and British official mapping agency Ordnance Survey.
In 1998 , Kunis was cast as Jackie Burkhart in the Fox sitcom That ' 70s Show.
This peculiarity made him useful to me.
A Tibetan translation in the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor , which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa.
The upgrade would provide a new platform , footbridge and new station buildings.
Filming of Series 4 called Torchwood : Miracle Day began on 11 January 2011 primarily in Los Angeles , and in and around Cardiff , Wales.
Daniel Bryan initially declared that he would only cash in his Money in the Bank contract for a World Heavyweight Championship match at WrestleMania XXVIII.
In 1716 Hornigold placed Teach in charge of a sloop he had taken as a prize.
Approaching Yongju , Coad decided to halt for the night.
" Around 1 @,@ 500 people were still aboard Titanic when she sank , throwing them into freezing water where they soon died of hypothermia.
" Born into what was then a peasant family , the earlier al @-@ Zayyat studied at Al @-@ Azhar University before taking up legal studies in Cairo and Paris ; he taught Arabic literature at American University in Cairo , and for three years in Baghdad , before founding al @-@ Risala in 1933 ..
TNA then introduced a new TNA X Division Championship belt on the May 16 , 2007 edition of TNA 's online podcast TNA Today.
The ships were briefly recommissioned at the beginning of 1913 , as the 4th Division after the start of the Second Balkan War , but were decommissioned again on 10 March.
She gave birth to her second child , a girl named Vivienne Margaret on January 15 , 2015 ..
<unk> : Tea leaves and flushes , which includes a terminal bud and two young leaves , are picked from Camellia sinensis bushes typically twice a year during early spring and early summer or late spring.
In North America , Prometheus DVD and Blu @-@ ray disc releases were listed for pre @-@ order in partnership with Amazon on June 1 , 2012 , a week before the film was released in theaters.
Six games into the league season , Arsenal were involved in a brawl against Manchester United ; the ill @-@ feeling stemmed from Vieira 's dismissal late on.
Pinnipeds may dive during foraging or to avoid predators.
The headmistress recognised his talent early on , as did many of his subsequent educators.
They had four children together : Elmo Jr.
That month , Lovato also announced her departure from Sonny with a Chance , putting her acting career on hiatus and ending the series ; she later said that she would return to acting when she felt confident doing so.
Unfortunately for him , he had converted to another branch of the Reformed faith ; such cautious Lutheran princes as Augustus I , Elector of Saxony , balked at extending their military support to Calvinists and the Elector Palatine was unable to persuade them to join the cause.
The school established a computer network in 1997 with all students and staff having individual log in details , email accounts , and file space.
A track from the album , " In , " premiered on Alternative Press on August 16 ..
Crowley stated that his work and that of his followers used " the method of science ; the aim of religion " , and that the genuine powers of the magician could in some way be objectively tested.
Seven teams have competed in every finals tournament , five of which have won the title.
Stegall referred to it as a " compelling story " with " excellent special effects ".
Commercial use of machinima has <unk> Teeth sells DVDs of their Red vs. Blue series and , under sponsorship from Electronic Arts , helped to promote The Sims 2 by using the game to make a machinima series , The Strangerhood.
Sayf al @-@ Dawla 's active promotion of Shi 'ism began a process whereby Syria came to host a large Shi 'a population by the 12th century ..
Distressed by the death of another sibling , the Queen , who had suffered from a heart disease most of her life , had two heart attacks in October.
After Ned Flanders and his family came over to visit the Bushes as George takes a liking to Ned , Bart decides to visit , and Barbara takes a liking to him.
Between 1980 and 1984 , the team played in Division 4 before winning promotion back to Division 3.
The highest elevation in Sibu is a peak at Bukit Aup Jubilee Park measuring 59 m above sea level ..
The gun velocity needed to be only 1 @,@ 000 feet per second ( 300 m / s ) , a third that of Thin Man.
Both sheep and goats use their lips and tongues to select parts of the plant that are easier to digest or higher in nutrition.
Here , the route 's surroundings are mainly the same as it proceeds toward Gordon Landing ..
To identify the man from the storage facility , Walter synchronizes Dunham 's brainwaves with the comatose Scott 's so that she can read his mind.
There was innuendo that McCabe had actually committed suicide , with O 'Reilly musing " He had despatched the possum , but had gone overboard with it ! ".
They particularly appreciated its " I am yours now " refrain , naming it " a typically heartfelt and bed @-@ cuddly line that makes The xx the perfect alternative lovers band ".
As a result , Tripoli declared war on the United States , and its navy began to seize American ships and crews in an attempt to coerce the Jefferson administration into acceding to their demands.
" This was because , Grant writes , " she had to spend an entire day reading 21 pages of dialogue , rattling off in quick succession 911 @-@ operator jargon , that would be cut and edited to fit the film ... In film terms , that means Berry performed for 21 minutes straight with no breaks , not an easy feat for any actor.
The Anglo @-@ Dutch commanders now sent dismounted Dutch dragoons into Taviers , which , together with the Guards and their field guns , poured concentrated <unk> and canister @-@ fire into the advancing French troops.
On 16 October — a day after Milošević declined the Croatian offer — the JNA 9th Boka Kotorska VPS force captured Cavtat.
Until 2007 , Pirkis played Gaius Octavian ( later to become Caesar Augustus ) in the BBC / HBO television series Rome.
Other recurring guest stars in the episode include glee club members Mike Chang ( Harry Shum , Jr.
It follows the main characters as they battle the Titans while in junior high school.
Strategic bombing and land warfare destroyed many cities and cultural heritage sites.
Finally , the western subspecies lays eggs averaging 31 mm × 43 mm ( 1 @.@ 2 in × 1 @.@ 7 in ) in size which are pale shades of red @-@ brown or wine @-@ colour , with darker red @-@ brown markings.
The war was an unnecessary war , it was an elective war , and it 's been a huge strategic mistake for this country.
The episode originally was scripted to begin with a different cold open ; it would have entailed a prank on Dwight by Jim , in which Dwight is led to believe that he is actually living in the Matrix , a computer @-@ simulation from the eponymous 1999 film of the same name.
England won the match and regained the Ashes.
At this time , he spent much time reading the works of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel , Ludwig Feuerbach , and Aristotle , all of whom had been key influences on Marx.
Leave Home was released on January 10 , 1977 and was well received by critics.
Following this setback , Bond decided to set up his own company , Reaction Engines Limited , with the hope of continuing development with private funding ..
" Reviewing one of their 1993 shows , Mark Jenkins of the Washington Post stating that Codeine " pursues the intoxicating dislocation offered by slow @-@ mo cinematography " and that the drumming of Doug Scharin " rattled rib cages throughout the club ".
The layout of the first two Megami Tensei games were noticeably different from later games : Megami Tensei used a 3D first @-@ person perspective , while Megami Tensei II used a combination of first @-@ person 3D displays for battle and top @-@ down 2D displays for navigation.
By the time the match was under way , public interest had started to wane.
Because of the curfew declared , they had to avoid the main streets.
The highway follows Meridian Road through the southern area of the county until the interchange with M @-@ 50 southeast of Jackson.
British attacks from 8 – 14 June advanced the front line beyond the former German Sehnen ( Oosttaverne ) line.
The hydro development would see power from the falls transferred from Labrador to the island of Newfoundland via an underwater transmission link through the Strait of Belle Isle.
Having sold their property , they resettled their homes and fields in the villages further east.
By that stage the South Vietnamese had already responded by firing their anti @-@ aircraft guns , so Luc ordered the squadron to withdraw as Trung made one final attempt at dropping his load using emergency mode.
All elk have small and clearly defined rump patches with short tails.
Stone and Joe Alves , who was the second unit director on Jaws 2 , were considered as possible co @-@ directors , but Pressman said it " was a pretty crazy idea and [ they ] didn 't get anywhere with it ".
Keable 's novels won him immense international popularity and intense controversy.
In the evolution from two dimensions to three , Super Mario 64 places an emphasis on exploration within vast worlds that require the player to complete multiple diverse missions , in addition to the occasional linear obstacle courses as in traditional platform games.
On the courtyard side is a two @-@ storey timber @-@ framed porch bearing a long inscription dated 1581.
Moreover , in Re Wong Sin Yee ( 2007 ) , which also involved judicial review of an applicant 's detention under section 30 of the CLTPA , the High Court , following the decision in Chng Suan Tze , held that the absence of the need to establish a jurisdictional or precedent fact meant that the scope of judicial review as regards the exercise of the Minister 's discretion under section 30 was limited to the GCHQ grounds of judicial review.
Disch afterwards recalled that some of the experimental language in the book was written in the knowledge that New Worlds was available as a market for unconventional fiction.
Dupuy de Lôme 's completion was delayed by almost two years by problems with her boilers , but she was finally commissioned in 1895 and assigned to the Northern Squadron ( Escadre du Nord ) , based at Brest , for most of her career.
However , in a change of rules , drivers were now eliminated during the session , with the slowest runner at a given point being taken out from contention every ninety seconds , beginning seven minutes into Q1 , six minutes into Q2 and five minutes into Q3 ..
Despite not being released as a single , " Mmm Papi " managed to peak at number ninety @-@ four on Billboard Pop 100 , due to moderate airplay on mainstream top 40 radio stations , singles sales , and digital downloads ..
Based on the ' ring model ' , the fortifications took up an area of 80 hectares ( 200 acres ) , making Tvrđa the largest fortress on the border with the Ottoman Empire ..
Jeunet has stated that the special edition is not a director 's cut as his preferred version is the theatrical cut ..
On January 8 , Almond ordered the US 2nd Infantry Division to retake Wonju.
She recorded a song for its soundtrack , " Alice " , which was played over the end credits and included on the soundtrack album Almost Alice.
Brady drew up alongside on his motorbike , demanding to know why she had not offered the girl a lift , to which Hindley replied that she recognised her as Marie Ruck , a near neighbour of her mother.
As of 2016 , that title is held by Illumination Entertainment 's Minions ( 2015 ) , with US $ 1 @.@ 157 billion.
Sim and Croft provide vocals in the track , and their range spans from G # 3 to E4.
At the same time , Gilbert created several ' fairy comedies ' at the Haymarket Theatre.
Jackson recorded with Queen singer Freddie Mercury from 1981 to 1983 , including a demo of " State of Shock " , " Victory " and " There Must Be More to Life Than This ".
She is emotionally distressed , seemingly from a romance.
In retaliation , some Stone supporters began to back Hardin.
The Black Sea Fleet had experimented on concentrating fire from several ships under the control of a " master ship " before the war and Evstafi held her fire until Ioann Zlatoust , the master ship , could see Goeben.
The two opened their shop as the " Greenville Electro Medic Doctors " , and placed advertisements to attract men who were concerned about their manly vigor.
" " There There ( The Boney King of Nowhere ) " , is a guitar @-@ led rock song with layered percussion building to a loud climax.
Sullivan invariably conducted them ( as well as the entire operas ) on opening night , and they were included in the published scores approved by Sullivan ..
The ethnogenesis of the Greek nation is linked to the development of Pan @-@ Hellenism in the 8th century BC.
Its body is slender and moderately compressed.
Bizarre Ride II The Pharcyde reaffirms every positive stereotype you 've ever heard about hip hop while simultaneously exploding every negative myth with under a barrage of head @-@ twisting rhymes , jazz breaks and straight @-@ up funk.
Izzie 's boyfriend , hockey player Hank ( Jonathan Scarfe ) , struggles to accept her new role as a surgeon , and the two break up.
However , they only got to see a cardboard model of the structure since the construction did not begin till 1915.
Rex , whose ideology was based on Christian Fascism , was particularly anti @-@ Semitic , but both VNV and Rex campaigned under anti @-@ Semitic slogans for the 1938 elections.
It is not known how these two men acquired the patronage of Donnchadh or his family.
Telegraph lines were also down south of Jupiter ..
Richard Harland Smith of TCM notes that Steiger 's career was waning at the time , and he had to " scramble for paying gigs for a decade ".
For anti @-@ aircraft ( AA ) defence , Duncan had a single 12 @-@ pounder AA gun between her funnels and two quadruple Mark I mounts for the QF 0 @.@ 5 @-@ inch Vickers Mark III machine guns mounted on the sides of her bridge.
The series ran from 1991 to 1998 , and followed the exploits of vampire Radu Vladislas , portrayed by Anders Hove , and his efforts to turn Michelle Morgan into his fledgling.
In spite of this he is described as a sustainer of the universe and of life @-@ sustaining food ..
She lies that Ivan has been having an affair with her , ruining his relationship with Paul.
He listed several species of the family Talpidae ( moles and related species ) from Vieux Collonges , including " espèce C " ( " species C " ) , which he named as a new genus and species , Veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote.
Her actions with the gun in all of those episodes symbolized where she was on the journey.
The results of his general staff were mixed , as some of his favorites ( like John Sullivan ) never mastered the art of command ..
He became a popular crowd @-@ pleaser , exciting the fans with dunks and blocked shots that belied his lack of height and overweight frame.
Yajnavalkya states that true Brahman @-@ seat of all beings , or Kurukshetra , is Avimuktam – a place that Shiva never left.
The school has an Adequate Yearly Progress graduation rate of 83 % while roughly three out of five students who initially enroll graduate within 4 years.
When he was again arrested on the same firearms charges , he filed suit arguing that the Gun Court had violated his constitutional rights through unreasonable delay.
In 664 , Æthelwald of East Anglia died , and was succeeded by Ealdwulf , who reigned for fifty years.
Crawford ( 1987 ) suggests that influence from the south rather than the north was " usually predominant " whilst admitting that the islands probably formed " groups of more or less independent communities " ..
The Pullman Strike of 1894 hurt the Chicago area and coal miners in southern Indiana participated in a national strike.
General Secretary Yuri Andropov , on the advice of Defense Minister Dmitriy Ustinov , but against advice of the Foreign Ministry , initially decided not to make any admission of downing the airliner , on the premise that no one would find out or be able to prove otherwise.
" The prosecuting counsels , Charles Russell and Willie Mathews , went on to become Lord Chief Justice and Director of Public Prosecutions , respectively.
These lost souls can be redeemed because Jesus Christ , the Son of God , offered Himself as the atoning sacrifice.
Its windspeeds are roughly determined by the balance of the pressure gradient and centrifugal forces in almost purely zonal flow.
I can see why she behaves the way she does — you do become over @-@ protective with a baby.
Without a supporting navy , or local batteries , San Martín had no means to attack the ships.
The young Infanta Margaret Theresa is surrounded by her entourage of maids of honour , chaperone , bodyguard , two dwarfs and a dog.
The resilient texture of the inner peridium enables the puffball to maintain its ball @-@ like shape after it has detached from the ground.
Late Bronze Age Greece was divided into a series of warrior kingdoms , the most important being centered in Mycenae , to which the culture of this era owes its name , Tiryns , Pylos and Thebes.
All curbing , stone stairways , stair landings , wall coping , and wall cladding in the interior of the Garden use midwestern limestone.
During a 1989 playoff game , Slater prevented Reggie White , who was considered the premium pass rusher in the NFL , from sacking the quarterback , a game that Slater later became best known for.
He promptly returns to Mêlée IslandTM and gatecrashes the wedding , only to ruin Elaine 's own plan for escape ; in the process he loses the elixir.
Although State Department officials did not give an official reason for the change affecting both the President and hundreds of American diplomats and support staff who travel to New York for the General Assembly each September and usually stay and hold meetings on two secured floors at the Waldorf , they pointed to Hilton Worldwide 's sale of the Waldorf @-@ Astoria to China 's Beijing @-@ based Anbang Insurance Group for $ 1 @.@ 95 billion in 2014 , a deal that prompted security concerns.
Susan sarcastically says that she 'll have to call " national headquarters " and let them know Ellen got away.
The opening ceremony was considered a success and that evening 102 people sat down to a celebratory dinner at the Town Hall ..
In early 2010 , a tournament was held for the newly vacated WWE Divas Championship due to Melina 's injury.
He said , " The finances for all teams have to be the same.
The cover received positive reviews from contemporary music critics.
Within the series ' narrative , he attempts to balance his affections for Kirsty MacKenzie ( Andrea Riseborough ) , his intern , while trying to prevent Porter 's imminent decline ..
It remained in the group 's live set after Halliwell 's departure at the end of the European leg of the Spiceworld Tour , her parts were taken by Brown.
The concert raised an estimated $ 615 @,@ 000 for the two charities.
In the film , she plays Eli , a child vampire who develops a friendship with the main character , 12 @-@ year @-@ old Oskar ( played by Kåre Hedebrant ).
While Jack manages to repair his friendship with Captain John to some degree , he is forced to place his brother in cryogenic stasis after Gray kills his teammates Toshiko ( Naoko Mori ) and Owen ( Burn Gorman ).
LGBT characters began appearing on television with increasing frequency only in the 1990s.
Hagan responded : " I 'm human … and I 'd like to equate getting ready for the Miss America pageant , you know , to getting ready for a boxing match [ ... ] We get into shape and then afterwards life goes back to normal.
The phenomenon of satellite tornadoes , where a smaller tornado orbits a larger companion tornado , can also lead to gaps in damage between the two tornadoes ..
A combination of arduous duties , hostile climate and indifferent health brought about his collapse and death while visiting Trichinopoly ( now Tiruchirappalli ) , after less than three years in India.
" The Cockroaches sing about girls and love and stuff like that ; The Wiggles sing about hot potatoes and cold spaghetti.
It is elaborately carved on the inside with a decorated cartouche and a cherub @-@ head.
Following the play , there was only eight seconds left on the clock , and coach Bowden ordered Hunt into the game to attempt a 41 @-@ yard field goal.
Exploiting Patton 's situation , Eisenhower sent him on several high @-@ profile trips throughout the Mediterranean in late 1943.
Cartman is also featured in the documentary film The Aristocrats , telling his version of the film 's titular joke to Stan , Kyle , and Kenny , and in " The Gauntlet " , a short spoofing both Gladiator and Battlefield Earth that aired during the 2000 MTV Movie Awards ..
See the article 1927 Stanley Cup Finals ..
Yen also had a masseur on set as he could not raise his right shoulder due to an injury ..
I knew that we were going to be fighting to make this look like a ' real ' movie because we weren 't shooting on film , so I wanted to at least have the optics look like movie optics.
The ship was placed in reserve in April and remained there until January 1919 when she was transferred to Toulon ..
However , the agents take it to the Lone Gunmen , who discover that the disc contains a large quantity of encrypted data.
The ship was assigned to the Pacific Squadron upon completion and based at Port Arthur from 1903.
The first inkling to the outside world that Hitler was dead came from the Germans themselves.
Despite the relatively small changes in votes totals Roscoe Conkling confidently claimed that the " [ m ] embers of the N.Y. Delegation assert that Grant will be nominated before one o 'clock.
Under favorable conditions , the storm was classified as a tropical depression on October 15.
The newer units were designated T5 and T6 , while the rebuilt units were designated T7 and T8 ..
Starting on a low note , The Jockeys of Norfolk eventually proved a hit at the Edinburgh Festival after their sketch on the Nativity , told as an Ealing comedy , gained them a spot on the BBC2 TV show called Edinburgh Nights.
According to the Peace of Pressburg , which was concluded around 25 November , Béla IV and his son divided the country and Stephen received the lands to the east of the Danube.
The German attack caught large numbers of Soviet Air Force aircraft on the ground.
Six games into the season , Schulz 's hometown newspaper reported on Schulz 's accomplishments under the headline : " Makes Good at Michigan ".
Embittered , Brock no longer wants anything to do with the stone tape.
In his 1998 book The Women of Coronation Street , Daran Little describes Betty as an archetypal mother figure.
However , he praised how the decision the Doctor had to make was portrayed ..
The crowd fell silent as Shore approached , then erupted into loud cheering when Bailey extended his hand toward his attacker.
Portrait Diptych of Dürer 's Parents ( or Dürer 's Parents with <unk> ) is the collective name for two small late @-@ 15th century portrait panels by the German painter and printmaker Albrecht Dürer.
Many Poles still rejected communism , but the realities of Soviet dominance dictated that Poland could not shake @-@ off communist rule.
Jolin loved his house with its exotic furnishings.
For performances of the track , the stage was decorated with cartoonish link sausages and rib @-@ eye steak that dangled from the rafters , while Perry was dressed in a catsuit.
Fleming attacked the project with gusto and wrote to his publisher , Michael Howard of Jonathan Cape , joking that " There is not a moment , even on the edge of the tomb , when I am not slaving for you " ; the result was Fleming 's only children 's novel , Chitty @-@ Chitty @-@ Bang @-@ Bang , which was published in October 1964 , two months after his death ..
The alterations included adding rustication to the bottom storey and around the central window , and quoins to the three projecting central bays.
The thick gills can be adnate ( connected to the stem by the entire depth of the gill ) or sinuate ( wavy , with the gills becoming shallower then deeper ).
NY 424 began at an intersection with NY 380 in the town of Stockton.
The freeway section in the North County of San Diego that connects Oceanside and Escondido was built in the middle of the twentieth century in several stages , including a transitory stage known as the Vista Way Freeway , and has been improved several times.
" He vetoed 200 of 424 bills in his first six months in office — a national record of 47 % of all legislation — and used the line @-@ item veto on most remaining bills.
The episode served as a follow @-@ up to the exit of the main character Cleveland Brown , who left Family Guy in order to star in his own Fox spin @-@ off , entitled The Cleveland Show.
A line of observation posts were then established to monitor the approaching Turks.
The NGVR detachment was then forced to withdraw to Mubo , while the Japanese returned to Salamaua.
Williamson used these short dimensions and new ground rules to set the single @-@ season home run record by hitting 27 in a 112 @-@ game season , surpassing the record of 14 set by Harry Stovey the previous year.
Technological innovations also contributed to the growth of exports , in particular the adoption of steam navigation and railroads allowed for faster and more convenient cargo transportation ..
This length of the highway is often travelled by a convoy of vehicles carrying a fallen soldier 's body , with his or her family , from CFB Trenton to the coroner 's office at the Centre for Forensic Sciences in Toronto.
He was buried in a cemetery in Puyallup , a place he had helped settle.
However , Allied demands at the peace talks in The Hague in April 1709 ( principally concerning Article 37 that bound Louis XIV to hand over Spain within two months or face the renewal of the war ) , were rejected by the French in June.
" Other Cuban historians point to the fiscal wastefulness of Magoon 's tenure , which " left a bad memory and a bad example to the country " and returned Cuba to the corrupt practices of colonial times ..
In their first game of week ten , the Pros played against the Canton for the second time this season , and the Bulldogs were still upset from their loss earlier in the season against the Pros.
Generally Keynesian explanations of the curve held that excess demand drove high inflation and low unemployment while an output gap raised unemployment and depressed prices.
In response to the question of how evil could exist in a good universe , Chrysippus replied " evil cannot be removed , nor is it well that it should be removed.
Heinzen 's initial concept differed from the finished character.
When the railway was privatised in 1997 , local services were franchised to Wales & West , which was succeeded by Wessex Trains , an arm of National Express , in 2001.
Later , the 24 @-@ year @-@ old niece of Mingus moved into the house : Sarah Candice Burnett.
For the orchestral music to fit onto the Nintendo DS at a high quality , Ni no Kuni : Dominion of the Dark Djinn was shipped on a 4 @-@ gigabit game card ..
The weakening storm slowly moved through Georgia before dissipating near the Georgia / South Carolina border on September 7 ..
The spelling of the word G @-@ d in the film 's title reflects the Jewish practice of avoiding writing a name of God.
Polish voters of 1957 were given the right to vote against some official candidates ; de facto having a small chance to express a vote of no confidence against the government and the Party , but no possibility to elect any real opposition , whose members were not allowed to run in the elections.
In support of his argument that the justices of the peace were not Article III judges , Mason argued that their jurisdiction was broader than that permitted by Article III ..
In 1885 the Duke of Buckingham opened a modern brickworks near Brill station , with a dedicated siding , and in 1895 his heir William Temple @-@ Gore @-@ Langton , 4th Earl Temple of Stowe , expanded the brickworks , which became the Brill Brick & Tile Works , using the Brill Tramway to deliver bricks to the main line at Quainton Road.
One of the spies claims to have invented a nuclear explosive device which attracts the attention of the Russian and American <unk>.
Hair of highest quality is typically obtained from juvenile or wild camels.
Perhaps the most numerous aposematic vertebrates are the poison dart frogs.
Artwork for cards was provided by artists such as Alex Garner and Adam Kubert.
After the Partition of India on 15 August 1947 , over 100 @,@ 000 Sindhi refugees from the newly created Pakistan were relocated in the military camps five kilometres from Kalyan in the <unk> Region.
He served in the American Civil War under Nathaniel P. Banks in the Red River Campaign.
This routine also marks Astaire 's first use of a cane as a prop in one of his filmed dances.
The modern Borough of Milton Keynes covers almost exactly the same area as Newport Hundred ( plus a little of the former Winslow Hundred which was one of 18 ancient hundreds amalgamated under the administrative control of Cottesloe Hundred ) ..
The Constitution was not adopted without dissent in the Commonwealth itself , either.
4X games began to offer AI governors that automate the micromanagement of a colony 's build orders , but players criticized these governors for making poor decisions.
The reason given was injury , but the media questioned if Davydov had fallen out of favour with Bobrov.
The secondary market started with comic book stores , and hobby shops displaying and selling cards , with the cards ' values determined somewhat arbitrarily by the employees of the store.
In his September 1960 submission to the Royal Commission on Transportation , In Defense of the Crow 's Nest Pass Rates , he rejected the railways ' calls to deregulate the rates they charged for the shipment of grain ..
By the late 17th century , much of North America had been claimed by European countries.
Some of his surviving letters discuss works which may be identifiable with existing pieces , and an " <unk> G " who some have identified with Godefroid de Claire / of Huy , a shadowy figure to whom many masterpieces are attributed.
Yet Morris was now finally in a position to begin reinforcing the NGVR.
Diesel 's performance in the Royal Rumble match led to him becoming an up and comer in the WWF pecking order and he became the Intercontinental Champion shortly after WrestleMania X with assistance from Shawn Michaels.
Typically , waveguide components are resonators , and the equivalent circuit would be LC resonators instead of the capacitors and inductors shown , but circuits like figure 4 are still used as prototype filters with the use of a band @-@ pass or band @-@ stop transformation ..
The holder of most major franchise records for the Ducks , Selänne leads the team at 457 goals , 531 assists , 988 points and 966 games played.
Bond changes the points and re @-@ routes the train onto a dead @-@ end , and shoots Spang before the resulting crash.
The words " Bank Block " are on the northern portion that occupies addresses of 102 and 104 North Jefferson Street.
The season 's reviews and critiques were hugely positive , and the series received several awards and nominations for the cast and crew including three nominations at the 57th Primetime Emmy Awards including Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for Oh.
Bill Lowery ( John ’ s son ) , John McGill , Don <unk> , and Vic <unk> were the original Ralphie Handlers who trained Ralphie I. The original Handlers say she was named “ Ralph ” after the class president at the time , while another story says she was named “ Ralph ” after the sound she made while running.
When an elastic material stretches or shrinks uniformly , it eventually reaches its breaking strength and then fails suddenly in all directions , creating cracks with 120 degree joints , so three cracks meet at a node.
Its companion is NGC 876 , which is about 103 @,@ 000 light @-@ years from the core of NGC 877.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the green tree frog 's conservation status as being of " least concern " , given its broad range , its large total population and its tolerance of a variety of habitat types.
Unlike in Final Fight , the player characters Punisher and Nick Fury 's size , abilities and tactics are essentially interchangeable ; they both use the same basic moves , such as punches , kicks and throws , which can be chained chained into combos , as well as similar special attacks.
The main legal acts of the EU come in three forms : regulations , directives , and decisions.
In his opinion it was " an experiment in socialism " , a New Deal project being undertaken in the name of the war effort.
Beecham 's relations with fellow British conductors were not always cordial.
Of the 80 athletes who participated in the qualification round of the event , Atkins tied Cuban <unk> Vizcaino for eighteenth place.
It is encoded by the TBR1 gene.
Inspired by a forest of Cryptomeria japonica near a shrine in Japan , Naka first combined the four trees he had already developed into a single , 4 @-@ foot @-@ tall ( 1 @.@ 2 m ) composition.
The lead single " Can 't Get You Out of My Head " is a " robotic " midtempo dance and nu @-@ disco song.
Dangić was released from prison at the end of World War I , in November 1918.
" Amnesty International , however , did not regard Shakur as a former political prisoner ..
Wheeler 's delayed choice experiment is actually several thought experiments in quantum physics that he proposed , with the most prominent among them appearing in 1978 and 1984.
One solution to the problem of turret layout was to put three or even four guns in each turret.
Kotok became the principal architect and designer of several generations of the PDP @-@ 10 , DECsystem @-@ 10 and <unk> @-@ 20.
The school day begins with " first bell " soon after 6 : 15 am.
Most of his work was released straight to video.
Kalika Purana describes Sharabha as black in colour , with four feet downwards and four feet uplifted , with an enormous body.
If this theory were correct , there would be only one high tide per day.
By inflating , the shark may be able to wedge itself inside crevices , make itself harder to swallow , or simply intimidate a would @-@ be predator.
The Hoxne Hoard ( / <unk> / HOK @-@ <unk> ) is the largest hoard of late Roman silver and gold discovered in Britain , and the largest collection of gold and silver coins of the fourth and fifth century found anywhere within the Roman Empire.
In 2010 , the number of pupils achieving the Level 2 threshold ( equivalent to five GCSEs at grades A * to C including English and maths GCSEs ) was listed as the second highest in the Cambridgeshire LEA with a 99 % pass rate.
Michael French of Pocket Gamer concluded : " You can 't escape the fact it doesn 't exactly fit on mobile.
In the aftermath of the Franco @-@ Turkish accords , Aleppo 's Anatolian hinterland , the major market for its goods and the supplier of its food and raw materials , was ceded to Turkey.
Damage modelling firms estimated insured losses from the hurricane to settle between US $ 200 and US $ 400 million , not including damage to watercraft , though the CEO of the largest property insurer on Bermuda believed losses to be much lower.
During the season , Diarra complained twice with regards to playing time , which led to Houllier equivocally questioning Diarra 's ego.
This led historian Steven Runciman to write that by acting as he did to endorse Chamberlain 's foreign policy , King George VI perpetrated " the biggest constitutional blunder that has been made by any sovereign this century.
There was much speculation and controversy , which began when Armstrong first signed with the team , over who would be the team 's protected rider in the Tour.
Rio de Janeiro was laid down at the Arsenal de Marinha da Côrte in Rio de Janeiro on 28 June 1865 , during the Paraguayan War , which saw Argentina and Brazil allied against Paraguay.
Polyphony was incorporated into editions of the Psalter from 1625 , but usually with the congregation singing the melody and trained singers the contra @-@ tenor , treble and bass parts.
Reviewers have written that the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were mostly similar , except for the Born from a Wish side @-@ scenario found on the Xbox version.
He spent the last two years of his career back in his native Czech Republic playing for Sparta Prague ..
The alignments of NY 21 and NY 371 between Loon Lake and Cohocton were flipped c.
The project , which included purchase of the building , new lounges and restrooms , and a ventilation system , was estimated to cost between $ 1 @.@ 75 million and $ 2 million.
He stated that Douglas does not lose any of the substance of Gekko and LaBeouf is firm as Jacob.
Goalkeeper Michael Ingham , defender James Meredith and midfielder Patrick McLaughlin missed only three of the fifty @-@ eight competitive matches played over the season.
The surface has a mesh @-@ like pattern ( reticulation ) that has a colour development similar to that of the cap : initially yellow , then purplish , and finally dark brown.
He preferred the Mother tracks to the Earthbound ones , as he felt that the second half of the album contained more " gimmick " tracks , but still called both halves " unique , fun , and well done overall ".
While I don 't think this song has that je ne sais quoi to get her another ' You Belong with Me ' -level hit , I still think that even a slightly lesser effort from her is a worthwhile listen.
The heat and humidity of the Everglades influenced their adapting a different style of dress.
After a two @-@ day bombardment , the Germans released 168 tons of chlorine gas onto the battlefield.
The Serbian advanced guard approached <unk> , thus creating a wedge between the 1st Bulgarian and 11th German Armies in an effort to force the latter to retire towards Albania.
The expected counter @-@ attack started at 05 : 00 with an artillery bombardment.
Benji Schwimmer , 2006 winner of the American dancing competition So You Think You Can Dance , makes a cameo appearance as Aguilera 's GI dance partner.
Harris ' radical beliefs prompted a 1935 report entitled the Harris Report suggesting that the NAACP take a more active and affirmative stance on race relations in the United States.
Scully , still skeptical about Big Blue being the killer , thinks that a boat propeller was responsible.
Gordon had driven well at the circuit , but without finishing.
In the album 's liner notes , Carey wrote that the purpose of the song was solely paying tribute to her.
Æthelwulf exercised authority in the south @-@ east and made regular visits there.
By putting Magna Carta in historical context , he cast doubt on its contemporary political relevance ; his historical understanding did not survive the Glorious Revolution , which , according to the historian J. G. A. Pocock , " marked a setback for the course of English historiography.
He was consecrated by Ithamar , Bishop of Rochester , on the 26th of May , and ruled the see until his death nine years , four months , and two days later.
We thought there was more to him than there was.
Star Citizen is an upcoming space trading and combat simulator video game for the PC and is considered a spiritual successor to Freelancer as the game designer is Chris Roberts.
The two wrote that many of the traits possessed by Kevin were only helpful in certain isolated scenes , such as the ability to <unk>.
He felt that his appreciation for the game grew with time and that it had the necessary hook to make him continually return and play again.
In Australia , " New York " aired on June 15 , 2011 , and was watched by 987 @,@ 000 viewers , which made Glee the tenth most @-@ watched show of the night.
United States courts regularly use such interpretation , partially because there are significant differences between the British and American legislative systems.
The episode of 30 Rock , which aired at 9 : 30 p.m. directly after The Office , was seen by 7 @.@ 35 million viewers , an increase of 30 percent in viewership from the previous week 's 6 @.@ 3 million.
British group The Flying Pickets released an a cappella version of the song on their album The Original Flying Pickets : Volume 1.
This desire was later expanded to include both symbols on national holidays and during ceremonial events to encourage students on what national holidays are and to promote defense education.
Glennon had a solid , if unspectacular , game , completing 13 of his 28 passes for 160 yards and a touchdown.
His 1949 film Bad Boy gave him his first leading role.
Several of the band 's home demo tracks such as " Views " and " The Masks " are included on the Spiritual • Mental • Physical anthology.
It was found in the River Thames in 1857 , and is now at the British Museum in London.
In Neuromancer , Gibson first used the term " matrix " to refer to the visualised Internet , two years after the nascent Internet was formed in the early 1980s from the computer networks of the 1970s.
The new triumvirate called the Assembly of the Year XIII and promoted San Martín to colonel ..
The largest known specimen is 37 cm ( 15 in ) long ..
The ship was commissioned with a nucleus crew on 18 February 1907 and cost £ 1 @,@ 193 @,@ 121.
In 2008 he was chief economist of the hedge fund Vega Asset Management ..
It was formed by an English company , and two Spanish companies : a regular company under captain Francisco de Sandoval and a Catalan company of miquelets under Jaume <unk> , numbering 300 men , all of them led by Hesse 's brother Heinrich.
He received approbation for his services , and the British commander , Admiral James Gambier sent him back to Britain with his despatches.
I 've ... watched her documentary [ Life Is But a Dream ] and was just blown away by how magnificent she really is and it 's so inspiring for me.
As a direct result of watching his fellow martial artists train with a fixed @-@ blade fighting knife in class , yet carry some type of a folding knife when they left the training area , Emerson decided there was a need for a sturdy folding knife designed primarily for combat.
His sons , <unk> and <unk> a Teuruarii , owned much of the land in the northwestern districts of <unk> and <unk> , the ancestral lands of the Teuruarii royal line , where the remains of the island 's ancient temple ( Marae <unk> ) still stand ..
The band then hid the instruments until the end of the song , when they took them out and played them ; this " came as a big surprise to " Yankovic.
Since the 1990s , China has been involved in negotiations to resolve its disputed land borders , including a disputed border with India and an undefined border with Bhutan.
It was commissioned by the executors of Cossa 's will after his death on December 22 , 1419 and completed during the 1420s , establishing it as one of the early landmarks of Renaissance Florence.
General Zhang Huan ( <unk> ) favored the eunuchs.
Maguire said that he played brilliant , like in practice , and Hamilton said his opponent was a " proper talent ".
By the afternoon , the storm had attained winds of 60 mph ( 95 km / h ) and steadily tracked towards the Florida Panhandle.
The UK does not produce enough timber to satisfy domestic demand , and the country has been a net importer of timber and paper for many years.
Their first attempt — filming strips of film emulsion suspended in a vat of a viscous solution — elicited complaints from the producers who thought the resulting spirits looked too much like those in a scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark , so VCE turned to animation to complete the task.
In 1995 , following a long break , U2 contributed " Hold Me , Thrill Me , Kiss Me , Kill Me " to the soundtrack album of the film Batman Forever.
The primary concession Hayes promised would be the withdrawal of federal troops from the South and an acceptance of the election of Democratic governments in the remaining " unredeemed " states of the South.
In 1958 , Blake @-@ More Godwin of the Toledo Museum of Art stated that , although September Morn was certainly art , it was not " great art " and was overshadowed by the controversy it had created ; the painting , he said , " bears the same relationship to art as a minor poem does to the classic and the imperishable ".
After Rube Walker 's hit the Giants threw Hodges out at home plate , and two further outs ended their turn at bat.
The film was nominated for Best Film and Best Direction at the 65th British Academy Film Awards ..
In its sixth week on the chart , it reached number thirty @-@ five , giving Hilson her second top forty hit at a solo or featured artist.
The German war graves commission , the <unk> Deutsche <unk> ( VDK ) , was established in 1919 , and took strict control over the creation and style of German war cemeteries.
An article in the Maryland Law Review authored by Christopher Gozdor ( a lawyer in the Maryland Attorney General 's office ) was also critical of the decision , although he was concerned instead with an alleged lack of clarity in the majority opinion.
Carey wrote in the booklet of her twelfth studio album , Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel ( 2009 ) , that she considers Butterfly her magnum opus and a turning point in both her life and career ..
Loerzer and Richthofen committed two Stuka units to the attack.
Problems like intractability and commonsense knowledge seemed much more immediate and serious.
Since then , there has been rapid development of new renewable energy sources ..
No. 79 Wing was established under the aegis of NWA at Batchelor on 30 November 1943.
One preliminary estimate placed the number of dead in the Jérémie area alone at 1 @,@ 500 , suggesting the worst of the tragedy occurred there.
So I wrote down this title and after a while I started to think about it.
That year , Willis founded the American Monthly Magazine , which began publishing in April 1829 until it was discontinued in August 1831.
" Ricky Gervais has been cited as saying " the last thing I got genuinely excited about on British TV was Peep Show , which I thought was the best sitcom since Father Ted ".
The wings were very long and pointed , and measured 220 mm ( 8 @.@ 7 in ) from the wing @-@ chord to the primary feathers , and 120 mm ( 4 @.@ 7 in ) to the secondaries.
Despite the controversy , some in France admired " naughty girls who decorate our sun @-@ drenched beaches ".
This time the audience was rapt with attention ".
Shortly after this , Gurak assassins attack and Ashtar is killed , warning Zael of a traitor before dying.
The last run of the Cannonball was in 1969 ..
It was also stated that the Academy would not replace the AFI and past winners of the AFI Awards would " [ ... ] constitute the founding heritage of an ‘ Australian Academy.
Important group exhibitions with the Sonderbund artists in Cologne in 1912 , the Armory Show , New York in 1913 , and Berlin in 1914 followed.
NY 20N , NY 20SY , and NY 92 gradually approached the lake and ultimately followed the western lakeshore as the roadway approached the village of Cazenovia.
In the genus Pereskia , the branches are covered with leaves , so the species of this genus may not be recognized as cacti.
All of the songs on Illinois were written , recorded , engineered , and produced by Stevens , with most of the material being recorded at The Buddy Project studio in Astoria , Queens , and in Stevens ' Brooklyn apartment.
The Bible may contain an early account of rhabdomyolysis.
They took over 3 @,@ 000 horses and mules , and hundreds of thousands of dollars of other plunder , ranging from silver to cloth and mirrors.
She was given torpedo bulges to improve her underwater protection and to compensate for the weight of the additional armor and equipment.
Although it had already been looted when it was discovered by archaeologists , the prior collapse of the ceiling of the summit shrine of the pyramid protected a section of the tomb from the looters.
The musicologist Tadashi Isoyama notes the <unk> character of the music , reminiscent of secular Köthen cantatas.
The basement of the building is 12 feet ( 3 @.@ 7 m ) high and the first floor 16 feet ( 4 @.@ 9 m ) high.
Following the events of December 8 , 2004 , Abbott was unsure if he wanted to continue playing music.
When Diocles retired at the age of 42 after a 24 @-@ year career his winnings reportedly totalled 35 @,@ 863 @,@ 120 sesterces ( $ US 15 billion ) , making him the highest paid sports star in history.
His son managed it until 1841 , when a banker called W. W. Bulpett , who was a mortgagee , took over.
The album was highly anticipated and acclaimed and widely regarded as a factor in reggaeton 's mainstream exposure in 2004 along with her next studio album Real ( 2004 ) , Daddy Yankee 's Barrio Fino and Tego Calderon 's El Enemy de los Guasíbiri ( 2004 ) , after being certified Platinum in the Latin field signifying sales of over 100 @,@ 000 by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ).
Neither boat club president was able to row through injury.
The Marsh Tacky exhibits a four @-@ beat ambling gait , most similar to the <unk> <unk> of the Brazilian Mangalarga Marchador , another breed with Spanish heritage , although also compared to the fox trot of the Missouri Fox Trotter.
MacInnis scored a goal and an assist in a 5 – 3 loss to the Detroit Red Wings on April 7 , 1998 to become just the sixth defenceman in NHL history to score 1 @,@ 000 points.
Approximately 80 per cent of the animals <unk> on the New Forest are owned by just 10 per cent of the <unk> families ..
Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish was adamant that his players would improve following the defeat : " They 've been in two cup finals in this season – they 'll have enjoyed the first one more than the second , the lads will benefit from the experience.
An orbit is completed every 2 @.@ <unk> days ( 58 @.@ 171 hours ) ..
In October 2000 National Geographic published the results of their investigation , in an article written by Pulitzer Prize @-@ winning investigative journalist Lewis M. Simons.
At about 0900 UTC on May 10 , the storm made landfall near Salalah , Oman.
The first phase was covered in stucco and raised 1 @.@ 3 metres ( 4 @.@ 3 ft ) above the level of the patio.
Jackson was a member of the 1997 Australian Junior Women 's Team that won a silver medal at the World Championships in Brazil.
The seventh and eighth major Nine Inch Nails studio @-@ releases , Ghosts I – IV and The Slip , were released in March and May 2008 respectively.
U2 briefly interrupted these sessions in June to join Amnesty International 's A Conspiracy of Hope tour.
There he was made Baron Keith for his capture and retention of the Cape Colony.
Gascoigne was widely respected for his astronomical skills and his generous nature.
Confirmation was made the following month when she was appointed Commissioning Editor of the company , taking over the day @-@ to @-@ day duties of BBC Films and reporting to Jane Tranter , the Controller of Fiction at the BBC.
Jason appears in the film only through Tommy 's dreams and hallucinations.
The portion of the Adirondack Northway ( I @-@ 87 ) between exits 36 and 39 was completed and opened to traffic c.
The race 's seventeenth stage contained a summit finish on the Colle di Tenda.
Percy 's men were often surrounded , but they had the tactical advantage of interior lines.
Forever 's second episode tied CBS 's Person of Interest in adults 18 – 49 and beat the series in adults 18 – 34 and in women viewers.
Male giraffes become darker as they age.
Amy Acuff , a US high @-@ jumper , wore a black leather bikini instead of a track suit at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He went on to establish himself as a regular starter in the Newcastle , and later Aston Villa and Manchester City first teams.
Thomas Hischak , in his The Rodgers and Hammerstein Encyclopedia , notes that the ballets in Oklahoma ! and Carousel ( choreographed by Agnes de Mille ) broke new ground in illustrating facets of the characters beyond what is learned in songs and dialogue , but describes the ballet in Flower Drum Song as " pleasant but not memorable ".
Character design for Ef was headed by two artists , Naru Nanao who drew the female characters , and 2C Galore who drew the males.
The square is located at the southeast corner of the intersection of East Randolph Street and North Michigan Avenue.
Despite what she viewed as the pitfalls of fame , she was determined to become a writer and when she was seventeen her father , who encouraged her writing , helped her publish her first story , Traditions ( 1795 ) ..
" During the same period 700 U.S. troops were killed in action ..
In 1657 , the Commons granted Cromwell even greater powers , some of which were reminiscent of those enjoyed by monarchs.
It is approximately the same size as the Sun , with an estimated age of 12 billion years.
Rodríguez had podium finishes in both the Giro and Vuelta in 2012 , as well as winning the UCI World Tour.
The factory employed 25 people who filled 26 million bottles annually.
The Scottish state entered a largely successful and stable period between the 12th and 14th centuries , there was relative peace with England , trade and educational links were well developed with the Continent and at the height of this cultural flowering John Duns Scotus was one of Europe 's most important and influential philosophers ..
While the Shaddadids may have been tempted to see in them welcome allies against the Byzantines , they were equally likely to be a threat , as demonstrated by the attack on Ganja by <unk> in 1046 / 47 ..
Successful mining took time and capital , particularly once most of the timber around the Klondike had been cut down.
A central theme developed throughout the show is the struggle between individual desires and subordination to the group 's goals.
Two US 25A routings were created in the late 1930s and early 1940s.
His new role with Barcelona was comparable to that which he had played with the Spanish national team.
.hack / / Outbreak represented a shift in the critical reception of the series as reviewers grew tired of the incremental or nonexistent improvements between titles.
Harrison also served on the committee that decided how to divide the Northwest Territory.
The communists finally completed their withdrawal by 08 : 00 ..
However he was satisfied when Madonna re @-@ wrote the chorus to make it suitable for the film.
It also provides tax credits for small businesses that create qualified wellness and Section 125 plans.
As the Revolution moved forward into the Terror , the Duke 's royal lineage and alleged avarice convicted him in the minds of radical leaders and he was sent to his execution in November 1793 ..
This new species was described as Dinheirosaurus lourinhanensis , with a full meaning of " Porto <unk> lizard from Lourinhã " ..
He thought it highly likely that she had sunk.
Units of the Soviet Air Defence Forces that had been tracking the South Korean aircraft for more than an hour while it entered and left Soviet airspace now classified the aircraft as a military target when it reentered their airspace over Sakhalin.
Westbury also competed in the Junior Super Fours — for 16- to 19 @-@ year @-@ old female cricketers — towards the end of the 2008 season.
Umunna are a form of <unk> maintained by the Igbo.
Parks conducted his orchestrations at Studio B in the Capitol Studios complex.
For this reason , a number of wood turtle clutches have been found to have hatchlings from more than one male ..
Dr. Kraus figured that what was left of Sputnik would exhibit the same effect , but on a larger scale.
Director Brad Silberling was open to Carrey 's idea of improvisation for various scenes , especially the Stephano and Captain Sham alter egos.
( After his appointment as Architect of the Capitol , White had been made a Mason @-@ at @-@ Sight , a rarely used mode of initiation in which a Grand Master instantly raises a non @-@ Mason to the degree of Master Mason.
An 1830 inventory by Brugada indicates that the work took a full wall between two windows on the first floor , opposite A Pilgrimage to San Isidro.
( < 2 @.@ 0 % ) As report at 5 July 2016 , <unk> Train Ltd. increased its holding to 10 % and <unk> <unk> decreased to 60 @.@ 0 %.
Each gun was provided with 220 rounds.
1 RAR was subsequently replaced by 1 ATF which was allocated its own area of operations in Phuoc Tuy Province , thereby allowing the Australians to pursue operations more independently using their own counter @-@ insurgency tactics and techniques.
The last Polish book titles not already proscribed were withdrawn in 1943 ; even Polish prayer books were confiscated.
There are 24 named waterfalls in Ricketts Glen State Park in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania along Kitchen Creek as it flows in three steep , narrow valleys , or glens.
The first bond issue , approved by the state 's voters in 1910 , included the road from Visalia west to Hanford , connecting the two county seats with the central north – south highway ( Route 4 , now SR 99 ).
Bismuth based oxide glasses have emerged as a less toxic replacement for lead in many of these applications ..
To reach the top , hikers must traverse rocky terrain ; and if they exist , user @-@ made trails ..
Many were not well @-@ struck , causing collectors to search through rolls in search of better specimens.
The manuscript survived and was first published in 1973.
From June 27 to July 16 , he did not allow a run in 10 straight games.
Since Puerto Rico did not have a women 's prison she was held without bail at the Castillo San Cristóbal.
They try to paint you as crazy , so that no one will listen to you.
The album was reissued as a remastered CD in 1996 , featuring a reproduction of the original album artwork.
In the meantime , units at the front went through a number of war games to practice repelling an enemy counterattack and exploiting a breakthrough with mechanized forces.
Both laws , built upon the 1834 Additional Act , would allow the national government to reassert its control over provincial police and courts.
Critics approved of the writing but found the plot unoriginal and some of the language distracting.
The city had a substantial military ; Zabdibel commanded a force of 10 @,@ 000 in the third century BC , and Zenobia led an army of 70 @,@ 000 in the Battle of Emesa.
More batting responsibility was placed on his shoulders , and he received less support in the field as the team personnel changed.
Amir Khan agreed to sell his guns to the British and received a land grant at Tonk in <unk>.
In Sweden , the track entered the country 's music chart at its peak position , number 24 and , after four weeks , fell out of the top 50.
In 1226 he was once more a royal justice.
Continuing north , the road winds its way towards a ridge near Native Dog Creek.
A tenth anniversary deluxe reissue of The Downward Spiral was released on November 23 , 2004 ..
It received generally positive opinions from critics : while many praised its graphics , story and gameplay , there were opinions that it was not a worthy part of the Mana series.
Gasparro began work on his Susan B. Anthony design in June 1978 , before the legislation was authorized by Congress.
The Canadian case Donald v. The Board of Education for the City of Hamilton ( 1945 ) was distinguished ; in that case , singing the national anthem was held to constitute a religious practice because the anthem contained a prayer hymn which " unquestionably reflected some religious character " ..
He continued to drink heavily after arriving at the studio.
They got down on their hands and knees to help the women and whispered to them when the guards weren 't looking.
<unk> guitarfish mate in late summer , and females give birth the following year at around the same time , peaking in August.
The first edition sold out in six weeks.
Goals from Carruthers and Brodie gave York a 2 – 1 home win over Wrexham , a result that equalled the club record for successive victories in all competitions with eight.
After war broke out , the RAAF began to decentralise its command structure , commensurate with expected increases in manpower and units.
Pellew responded by advancing up the river and exchanging fire with a Dutch gun battery on Madura Island , at which point the governor in Surabaya overruled Captain Cowell , released the seized boat party and agreed to surrender the ships at anchor in Gresik harbour.
Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris were eventually hired to rewrite the work , and changed the characterizations of Beast , Angel , and Lady Deathstrike.
This wooden erection was subsequently enlarged several times until it was renamed a cathedral.
A Lieutenant Field Marshal , he commanded 15 @,@ 000 troops in the Vorarlberg against France 's Army of Switzerland , commanded by André Masséna.
The company 's credit union for employees , <unk> , remains based in the Seattle area , though it is now open to all residents of Washington ..
Of these , 5 @,@ 579 units were all @-@ electric vehicles and 2 @,@ 580 plug @-@ in hybrids.
On 3 April 1918 , the 10 @,@ 000 @-@ strong Baltic Sea Division , led by Rüdiger von der Goltz , launched the main attack , west of Helsinki at Hanko , followed on 7 April by the 3 @,@ 000 @-@ strong Detachment Brandenstein taking the town of Loviisa on the south @-@ eastern coast.
Solutions for household purposes in the US , mostly cleaning , are typically 10 % to 12 % , with strong recommendations to dilute before use.
At first Snyder wanted Jude Law ( a big fan of the character ) for the part , but said that Goode was " big and tall and lean , " which aided in bringing " this beautiful ageless , German superman " feel to the character.
" ) John Simon felt it was " a regrettable failure , although not a total one.
The first dorsal fin originates over the bases of the large pectoral fins , while the second dorsal fin originates slightly anterior to the free rear tips of the pelvic fins.
Where You Go I Go Too is often classified as " space disco " due to these influences and because it possesses a " spacey , psychedelic " sound.
No arresting gear was fitted and two 600 @-@ imperial @-@ gallon ( 2 @,@ 700 l ; 720 US gal ) ready @-@ use petrol tanks were provided for aircraft and the ship 's boats on the upper deck.
Positions within each strongpoint were interconnected by trenches and tunnels.
He hit .321 with 35 RBIs and 10 steals in 10 attempts , leading the conference in triples ( 9 ) while coming in fifth in hits ( 97 ) , eighth in doubles ( 18 ) and total bases ( 145 ) , and ninth in walks ( 34 ).
Over a long period of time , the slightly denser regions of the nearly uniformly distributed matter gravitationally attracted nearby matter and thus grew even denser , forming gas clouds , stars , galaxies , and the other astronomical structures observable today.
One of the problems with defining this extended category is that weak resonances may exist and would be difficult to prove due to chaotic planetary perturbations and the current lack of knowledge of the orbits of these distant objects.
After Kumaritashvili 's death on 12 February 2010 , the competition for men 's singles was moved to the women 's singles / men 's doubles start house while the competition for women 's singles / men 's doubles was moved to the junior start house.
On the album , in addition to Mehldau 's usual trio , rock musicians and instruments associated more with classical music were employed , as were experiments with prepared piano and " multiple layers of electronically enhanced sound ".
He was tortured and Jack gave him that meaning back.
King went on to be featured in the Incubus music video " Wish You Were Here ".
This has been described as " the inauguration of women 's studies within classics ".
All of them chose to share the fate of their people.
Butts found fault with the game 's camera system , but he summarized Empires as a unique RTS and " a good direction for the genre " ..
The Dickin Medal is often referred to as the animal metaphorical equivalent of the Victoria Cross ..
It should be special wearing Jackie 's number , not just because it looks cool.
He did note that the story and writing of the game made the downsides of the game " almost entirely a moot point " , and that it is a very strong game.
" Soon afterwards , the band wrote and recorded " Exit Music ( For a Film ) " ; the track plays over the film 's end credits but was not included on the soundtrack at the band 's request.
He was impressed by Thompson 's portrayal of Hal , " bursting with authenticity " , but wrote that the supporting characters " never have the chance to ring true " in a cast " overflowing with unnecessary hokey <unk> ".
Another version with a bonus DVD including music videos to selected songs and " making of " clips was also released in the same region.
The British became anxious to link Johannesburg to the Cape and Natal by rail , but Kruger thought this might have undesirable geopolitical and economic implications if done prematurely and gave the Delagoa Bay line first priority ..
Banksia scabrella is killed by fire and regenerates by seed ..
Aniruddha Guha of the Daily News and Analysis rated the film a four ( out of five ) and wrote , " For a filmmaker who has long established his hold over the craft , 7 Khoon Maaf is the only way forward – it pushes the envelope and takes you on a cinematic journey you may not experience in a Hindi film for a long time to come ".
Despite the rapid growth in population , the amount of land set aside for use as graveyards remained unchanged at approximately 300 acres ( 0 @.@ 5 sq mi ; 1 @.@ 2 km2 ) , spread across around 200 small sites.
The road 's quality was poor , and in some places it was reduced to a one lane gravel trail.
Mole crickets vary in size and appearance , but most of them are of moderate size for an insect , typically between 3 @.@ 2 and 3 @.@ 5 cm ( 1 @.@ 3 and 1 @.@ 4 in ) long as adults.
It was temporarily revived by Wildside Press , which published three issues edited by Robert M. Price from 2003 to 2007 ..
The script was entirely rewritten , and was picked up by Fox within fifteen hours of being received.
After guiding the club to promotion Andy Nelson left to take over as manager of Charlton Athletic and was replaced by Len Ashurst , but his managerial reign lasted only 16 months.
When young , the cap surface is covered with white or whitish shiny particles , remnants of the universal veil that covers immature specimens.
The area with liedu X ( comparable to X on EMS , " destructive " and X on MM , " disastrous " ) spans 3 @,@ 144 km2.
Located on the southeastern edge of the New Madrid Seismic Zone , the settlement of Randolph is situated in an area with a high earthquake risk.
The work also included stories by Alberthiene Endah , Djenar Maesa Ayu , and Indra Herlambang.
Trees tend to be long @-@ lived , some reaching several thousand years old.
In total , Craig acted as captain in 48 first @-@ class matches , winning 27 , tying one and losing only two.
Failing in this endeavour ( none of the pilots he found had the needed experience , and also expressed concerns over the advancing winter conditions ) , he returned to St. John 's.
Davis then modified the Kentucky marriage licenses to no longer mention her name.
Up was released on Blu @-@ ray Disc and DVD in North America on November 10 , 2009 , and in the United Kingdom on February 15 , 2010.
They had high praise for the orchestral score and other technical features , apart from the game 's camera.
Returning to base he spotted a Ju 87 that had double @-@ backed , hoping to slip past the defences to attack the aircraft carrier.
Since the majority of the system was built before 1990 , the year the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) went into effect , many New York City Subway stations were not designed to be handicapped @-@ accessible.
Returning to the U.S. in June 1919 , he was assigned to Mitchel Field on Long Island , New York.
Graduates become qualified F / A @-@ 18 instructors and initially remain with No. 2 OCU for the next two @-@ year cycle.
During this period , he did voice @-@ over work with his wife for various radio stations.
Earlier architects had used these formulas for balancing a single symmetrical facade ; however , Palladio 's designs related to the whole , usually square , villa ..
Thoughts were given to having a romantic interest between Mulder and Melissa , but the concept never came to pass ..
Polydore Vergil , Henry Tudor 's official historian , recorded that " King Richard , alone , was killed fighting manfully in the thickest press of his enemies ".
Soil is the living top layer of mineral and organic dirt that covers the surface of the planet.
In 1130 , the records of revenues paid into the treasury show that about 40 % came from royal estates , 16 % from feudal rights , 14 % from taxes , and 12 % from the judicial courts.
" You Belong With Me " became Swift 's first song to reach Billboard Radio Songs summit with 117 million all @-@ format audience impressions.
Berg came in at the start of the seventh inning , replacing Ivy Olson at shortstop , when the Robins were winning 13 – 4.
The episode 's concern with the nature of free will and determinism grew out of Morgan 's difficulties with plotting and constructing plot @-@ twists ; he explained that Bruckman and the killer interact in ways " that were really easy to plot , but which makes the story seem complicated.
They also released a vertical stand for the console , to be used with the first PlayStation 2 models , not the slim , holds the console in upright position.
McClure starts the episode by showing a brief presentation of how The Simpsons series was conceived by Matt Groening , James L. Brooks , and Sam Simon.
Although Leoni had been influenced by the works and principles of Palladio , both Pevsner and the authors of the citation in the National Heritage List for England agree that the design of this front is more Baroque than Palladian.
I dislike him and I think he dislikes me.
" Sunshine Days " is the eighteenth and penultimate episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X @-@ Files , and the series ' 200th episode overall.
It was written by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly and produced by Nile Rodgers ; Steinberg said that the song was inspired by his personal experiences of romance.
Young male characters are known as xiaosheng.
Gillibrand majored in Asian Studies , studying in both Beijing and Taiwan.
" Per Manum " premiered on the Fox network on February 18 , 2001 and was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on June 9 , 2002.
However , Swift and Anderson become heartbroken , revealing that Anderson " gave everything she had " to someone who later changed his mind.
On October 30 , 2000 , the album had sold three million copies , and was certified three @-@ times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , denoting shipments of three million copies.
Some individual flows covered as much as 10 @,@ 000 square miles ( 26 @,@ 000 km2 ) to a depth of 100 feet ( 30 m ).
On 7 September , the ship fired on German forces encircling the city ; she fired forty salvos from her forward main battery turrets — the only two operational — expending some 700 rounds of ammunition during the attack.
Carroll Seminary in Mount Carroll , Illinois , the school became affiliated with the University of Chicago and was renamed the Frances Shimer Academy in 1896.
The band existed for almost a decade before mainstream success.
According to Antonin <unk> , lead animator on the game , " all the technical decisions were taken in favor of animation , both in terms of quality and quantity , which is very rare on this kind of project.
600 @-@ 850 CE and suggests that the three @-@ faced Vishnu images of Gupta era as well as Gupta icons of Vishvarupa ( another form of Vishnu ) inspired the iconography of the Vaikuntha Chaturmurti , which developed in Kashmir in the 8th century and attached the fourth head on the back of the older icon of a three @-@ faced Vishnu.
Joyce had a light tenor voice ; he was taught by Vincent O 'Brien and Benedetto Palmieri ; in 1904 won a bronze medal at the competitive music festival Feis <unk>.
When designing the film 's visual elements , Gans was influenced by fellow directors Michael Mann , David Lynch , and David Cronenberg.
An attempt to establish a colony in Guiana in 1604 lasted only two years , and failed in its main objective to find gold deposits.
In 1927 , the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra , under its conductor Wilhelm Furtwängler , gave two concerts at the Queen 's Hall.
He was invited to Beirut to discuss the death sentence , and was allowed to leave again , but it was clear that he had become persona non grata.
The Lansing State Journal highlighted the episode in the season seven DVD release , along with the conclusion of " Who Shot Mr. Burns " and " The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular ".
As of 2015 , Capon Chapel remains a Methodist church , now a part of the United Methodist Church , holding Methodist services twice a month ..
The ship stopped for less than 30 minutes before resuming the voyage ; by 03 : 50 , Gneisenau and two destroyers reached Helgoland.
Later in the season , Kariya was voted in by fans to the West 's starting lineup in the 1997 All @-@ Star Game.
Although the FVdG insisted that the " goal is everything and ... must be everything " ( a play on Bernstein 's formula that " the final goal , whatever it may be , is nothing to me : the movement is everything " ) , it was unable to do much more than keep its own structures alive during World War I. Immediately after the declaration of war , FVdG tried to continue its antiwar demonstrations to no avail.
In Japan , My World was certified gold after selling 100 @,@ 000 units ..
During the Great Northern War ( 1700 – 1721 ) , Sweden lost all its territories in the Baltic states and suffered Russian raids in Finland and along the chain of islands and archipelagos stretching from the Gulf of Finland to Stockholm.
I have to put that in the back of my head ..
The complete viral genome was then assembled by a gene synthesis company.
Lie Kim Hok ( Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : Lǐ <unk> ; 1 November 1853 – 6 May 1912 ) was a peranakan Chinese teacher , writer , and social worker active in the Dutch East Indies and styled the " father of Chinese Malay literature ".
Timberlake went on to become an ordained Presbyterian minister and a hospital administrator at Children 's Hospital of Wisconsin , which is located in Milwaukee , Wisconsin.
The Park Service has undertaken to preserve the community , which is now unoccupied.
The short vowels are / a , e , i , o , u / and the long ones are written with an acute accent as / á , é , í , ó , ú /.
The lemurs in the photographs included the endangered golden @-@ crowned sifaka , as well as crowned lemurs.
In the late 14th century , the last Patriarch of Tarnovo , Saint Evtimiy , described the church as the " great patriarch 's Cathedral of the Holy Ascension " in his writings ..
In this way , a solar eclipse is an occultation of the Sun.
Along with the bypass there was significant remodelling of the town centre , with the old town hall and library being demolished.
Six bids were issued to building the main segment , which included the tunnel and 2 @.@ 6 kilometers ( 1 @.@ 6 mi ) from Tomsbakken to Barkåker Industrial Park.
Abdallah 's elevation , however , was not acknowledged by the Aghlabids , and he was replaced , after only five months in office , by Khafaja ibn Sufyan ..
She contributed landing parties to Admiral Edward Seymour 's relief force , based in Tientsin.
Waters rewrote the song and added more lyrics for the chorus , but his " stripped @-@ down and harder " recording was not to Gilmour 's liking.
" During the 1997 season , when the long @-@ departed Jackie Robinson 's number 42 was being retired throughout baseball , and the still @-@ living Doby was being virtually ignored by the media , an editorial in Sports Illustrated pointed out that Doby had to suffer the same indignities that Robinson did , and with nowhere near the media attention and implicit support.
The performance was the first 40 @-@ point / 20 @-@ rebound effort of the 2013 – 14 NBA season.
A few months later , Olbers was again attempting to locate Ceres when he noticed another moving object in the vicinity.
When attacked by a submarine , the Q @-@ ship would feign damage until the enemy was close enough to engage and then reveal its weapons to counter @-@ attack.
Macnamara considered plans to use ship 's boats to attack Amazone directly , but resolved to attempt to enter the bay again on the morning of 25 March.
The T @-@ 34 returned fire with its machine gun , and two bullets struck Shadrick in the chest and arm.
The largest lake is Lake Petén Itza , near the centre of the drainage basin ; it measures 32 by 5 kilometres ( 19 @.@ 9 by 3 @.@ 1 mi ).
The anti @-@ apartheid resistance fought back , with the ANC committing 231 attacks in 1986 and 235 in 1987.
Michigan had the same problem when escorting a convoy in the next month ; the ship lost its port propeller on 8 October , but managed to return home on 11 October without further incident.
At the time , NY 421 's western terminus was located at a railroad crossing in the isolated hamlet of Horseshoe , situated at the northwestern corner or Horseshoe Lake.
These details have often been used to bolster confidence in the Historia 's account and to confirm that Arthur really did fight at Badon.
The Northwest Sinfonia , which recorded the music for Halo 3 , performed orchestral sections at Studio X in Washington ..
There are more than 100 other naturally occurring modified nucleosides , The greatest structural diversity of modifications can be found in tRNA , while <unk> and nucleosides with 2 ' -O @-@ <unk> often present in rRNA are the most common.
Smith attended Colonial Beach Elementary School , where his physical education teacher , Steve Swope , recognized his athletic ability and allowed Smith to attend his camps free of charge.
She hosted the Food Network 's Nigella Feasts in the United States in 2006 , followed by a three @-@ part BBC Two series , Nigella 's Christmas Kitchen , in the UK , which led to the commissioning of Nigella Express on BBC Two in 2007.
It consists of an accumulation of cracked and scorched stones that were used to heat water in a communal cooking trough.
The BBC Drama department commissioned a dramatisation of the murders and the investigation from screenwriter Stephen <unk>.
Boon described Mileena as " Anti @-@ Kitana " and said that her large " sharp , nasty teeth " have been not originally planned and were only drawn for her infamous Fatality " Man @-@ Eater " ( featured in Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 , too ) , in which she sucks up the entire body of her victims and then regurgitates their clean bones.
This may be why they were out @-@ competed by better @-@ adapted animals like the <unk> and later Carnivora ..
In cervical artery dissection , only small case series are available.
The F @-@ 16Ns and ( T ) F @-@ 16Ns have the standard Air Force tailhook and undercarriage and are not aircraft carrier capable.
It grows throughout continental Europe , with the exception of those parts within the Mediterranean Basin , growing in Scandinavia in the north , and as far south as the Norte Region of Portugal and the <unk> Mountains of Greece ..
That left the half @-@ dollar as the largest denomination of circulating coin being minted in the U. S. Foreign coins were being circulated in the U. S. to alleviate the shortage.
Several of its ships had been separated during storm and they confused the radar of Force R 's ships as to the true location of the convoy.
Despite the move , he confirmed he would coach the Hokies during the bowl game in his last act as a Virginia Tech coach ..
The geographical center of the U.S. is 17 miles ( 27 km ) west of Castle Rock in Butte County.
It is also revealed his birth name was Noonien Singh and that he adopted the title " Khan " out of admiration for Genghis Khan.
MD 455 was extended east from Brittingham Road to DE 26 in 1958.
Soon an informal truce began under the flags of the Red Cross and Red Crescent.
The chapters have been collected and released into four tankōbon volumes between March 27 , 2013 and December 27 , 2014 ..
They lived there for two winters in what became a six @-@ year relationship.
Kohli noted that his team was looking for a win and not a draw , while also saying that it was " the best Test I have been part of ".
The first world ski championships were held in Mürren ( 1931 ) and St. Moritz ( 1934 ).
Three other females have been appointed as First Captain : Grace H. Chung in 2003 , Stephanie Hightower in 2005 , and Lindsey <unk> in 2013.
In 1855 / 56 , Guise Brittan had Englefield Lodge built on land alongside the Avon River just outside the initial town area ( these days the area to the east of Fitzgerald Avenue ).
Coelurus is regarded as a small terrestrial carnivore , feeding on small prey items like insects , mammals , and lizards.
Freeway projects included expansion of Interstates 5 and 805 around " The Merge , " a rush @-@ hour spot where the two freeways meet.
Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine named it along with " Shadow " " two sappy ballads " ..
They crossed the bridge and returned to the town by 11 : 30 AM , under the watchful eyes of the colonists , who continued to maintain defensive positions.
They reached an agreement that allowed NHL players to participate in the Olympics , starting with the 1998 Games in Nagano , Japan.
Local doctors aided the sick and local women provided nursing care.
Other structures cannot be made transparent , notably the retinas or equivalent light @-@ absorbing structures of eyes — they must absorb light to be able to function.
Sauropods seem to be likely candidates as both live prey and as objects of scavenging , based on the presence of scrapings on sauropod bones fitting allosaur teeth well and the presence of shed allosaur teeth with sauropod bones.
The same effect can be observed when compressing and <unk> files with some file <unk>.
A large part of the appeal of the Genesis library during the console 's lifetime was the arcade @-@ based experience of its games , as well as more difficult entries such as Ecco the Dolphin , and sports games such as Joe Montana Football.
According to Jeff Lee , his oldest written record attesting to the game being playable as @ ! # ? @ ! in a public location , a Brunswick bowling alley , dates back to September 11 , 1982.
At Tony and Cindy Cunningham ( Stephanie Waring ) ' s wedding , a bus crashes in to the venue.
In 1996 , Martin J. <unk> advanced the hypothesis that H. pylori has a beneficial effect : by regulating the acidity of the stomach contents.
While Nirvana 's label DGC Records did not release a physical single for sale in the United States , " Heart @-@ Shaped Box " received much American radio airplay , reaching number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
After the season , Lawrence Taylor and Phil Simms , the two biggest figures of the late 1980s and early 1990s Giants teams , retired ..
Similar to the JTWC , the JMA continued to indicate that Bolaven was intensifying through early on August 26.
Treatment aims to prevent respiratory failure and to ensure adequate blood oxygenation.
He was also the first defenseman to win the Ivy League Rookie of the Year award.
The two modified cars were prepared for the Swedish Grand Prix at <unk> on 17 June 1978 , for Niki Lauda and John Watson.
Only two of the four cover versions released as singles — the two songs by Bruno Mars — debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 , and appeared on other musical charts.
In December 2001 , AV @-@ 8Bs began moving into Afghanistan to a forward base at Kandahar.
Behind this structure , a second triangle is formed by two crests passing from the second lingual cusp to two cusps at the labial side ( the back of the two is broken away , but its existence is presumed from the crown pattern ).
Asagi teases him about his constant absences , even sometimes referring to him in the past tense as if he is dead.
The reproductive rights organization H * <unk> for Choice is not officially recognized by the University as its positions on abortion are in opposition to University policy , prompting the asterisk in " Hoyas.
Inspired by her colleague Silverman , who in the 1935 general election became MP for Nelson and Colne , Bessie determined to seek a parliamentary career of her own.
He passed fifty in half of his innings with a top score of 86 at Christchurch in 1973 – 74.
Tone clusters ... on the piano [ are ] whole scales of tones used as chords , or at least three contiguous tones along a scale being used as a chord.
Other leaders , particularly John , did not acknowledge Andrew 's leadership.
The graphics certainly do , and the spruced @-@ up sound effects are timeless … but really , it 's a little too perfect a conversion.
In this new climate , needlework was praised by moralists as an appropriate occupation for girls and women in the home , and domestic embroidery for household use flourished.
The damage reduced her speed to 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) and she had to be steered by her engines.
There are people dancing , but there 's as many people standing , just watching what he 's doing.
Alexander Neville , Archbishop of York , had all his possessions confiscated.
71 @.@ 16 , was delivered with tilting mechanism to be used to test performance on the Norwegian railways , due to the similarities between Class 71 and Class 73.
Figures for her range are not available.
On 1 December 2003 , Bonhams held an auction of British Airways Concorde artefacts , including a nose cone , at Kensington Olympia in London.
He could not omit mentioning it , but he said that it is " general knowledge ".
According to Zappa , the music was mostly written in motel rooms while on tour with the Mothers of Invention.
Tomkins kept his place in the England team when they played France in a mid @-@ season friendly , and he responded by scoring four tries on England 's way to a 60 – 6 win , a record @-@ equalling tally for an England player in a single match.
In the 2009 English season , Kartik resumed service for Middlesex , and as in the IPL he was most effective as a stock bowler , taking only four wickets at 51 @.@ 50 in eight T20 fixtures at an economy rate of 6 @.@ 86 , never taking multiple wickets in a match.
Washington finished the year with a 19 – 63 record under coach Hamilton ..
Williams had 245 yards passing , completing 21 of 35 passes with two interceptions and was sacked five times.
In common with vampires , this version of Lilith was held to be able to transform herself into an animal , usually a cat , and charm her victims into believing that she is benevolent or irresistible.
He said , " My getup in the movie is similar to that of Dwayne Johnson " ..
Sandri is a well @-@ versed occultist who has spent his life infiltrating esoteric societies only to get expelled from them.
The American impresario Tony Pastor came to England in 1886 and signed Little Tich for a tour of the United States.
Frogs in the families Bufonidae , <unk> , and <unk> have short back legs and tend to walk rather than jump.
Following the storm , there was some controversy as to the nature of the storms.
The tour grossed $ 43 @.@ 7 million , becoming the second highest grossing tour of 2002 by a female artist , behind Cher 's Farewell Tour.
Notable as the first major branch of the Seattle public library system , after Seattle annexed the City of Ballard into itself in 1907 , and for employing one of the first African American librarians in Seattle , the Ballard Carnegie Library was in service until 1963 , when a newer and more modern facility replaced it.
His expedition reached only as far as the Colorado River and turned around after learning that the Tejas chief was still unhappy with the Spanish.
Announced before the DualShock 3 controller was introduced , this caused confusion since the Sixaxis controller does not support rumble.
Twenty dual @-@ purpose QF 4 @.@ 5 @-@ inch Mark III guns in twin BD Mark II mountings replaced all of the 4 @-@ inch guns.
You 're giving them , as a team , guidance and direction on where they should go and how they should address the various problems that come before them.
It became a Union Territory , without a legislature , in November 1956 and an elected ministry was installed in July 1963.
He also found the Welsh clergy to be uneducated , although he did order a Welsh @-@ speaking suffragan bishop to be appointed to help with pastoral duties in the diocese of Coventry and Lichfield.
Others contest this view such as the scholar John A. T. Robinson who dates 3 John to c.
Hazard began his football career playing for hometown club Royal Stade <unk> at the age of four.
The band travelled to Stagg Street Studios , a studio in Los Angeles , California , to record the song with engineer Ben Mumphrey.
It was one of the best @-@ selling singles of 1994 , having sold 500 @,@ 000 copies within that year ..
Glubb complied with the order and departed Jordan the following day.
The CR 84 portion is an 18 @-@ mile ( 29 km ) , two @-@ lane stretch of rural highway maintained by the Essex County Department of Public Works ' Highway Division while NY 910K is a 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) highway maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation ( NYSDOT ).
Mega Man 2 features a few gameplay changes from the original Mega Man.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1955 ..
By the 1951 season , Motley started to feel the physical effects of his hard @-@ hitting , up @-@ the @-@ middle running style.
The cause was probably a build @-@ up of firedamp that was ignited by an electric spark from equipment such as electric bell signalling gear.
Puck , appalled , joins the celibacy club.
The majority of animals more complex than jellyfish and other Cnidarians are split into two groups , the protostomes and deuterostomes.
On 29 August 2012 , the Special Court convicted 32 people and acquitted 29 due to insufficient evidence.
Furthermore , however , Shearman and Pearson noted that , " [ the episode is ] not merely poking fun at the conventions of the long running sci @-@ fi show , but inviting its audience to question the truths around us we take for granted " ..
In this episode , it was revealed that PC Gabriel Kent had assumed a false identity.
Joaquim Rodríguez also moved up in the rankings from sixteenth to ninth place.
At this angle , one of Turret Two 's guns was firing over Turret One.
" This ' George ' is a man one step ahead of his detractors , " Leng writes , " triumphing with quicker feet and better gags.
Three of these extinct families included the recently extinct giant lemurs of Madagascar , many of which died out within the last 1 @,@ 000 years following human arrival on the island ..
At 14 : 00 , Ceylon spotted Hamelin 's ships in pursuit and her crew increased their efforts to escape , mistaking Victor , which carried three masts , for a larger ship and therefore considering themselves significantly outnumbered.
The name Wells comes from three wells dedicated to Saint Andrew , one in the market place and two within the grounds of the Bishop 's Palace and cathedral.
Time magazine asserted violators were far more widespread than those seven that had confessed.
The joint @-@ degree programs allow students to earn both a JD and a Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) concurrently in a four @-@ year program , or complete a bachelor and JD in six years.
This causes the clones to deteriorate at a rapid rate.
As such , the stop is not wheelchair accessible.
On 31 March 1931 , Lexington , which had been near Guantanamo Bay Naval Base , Cuba , was ordered to aid survivors of an earthquake that devastated Managua , Nicaragua.
And remember we are talking about an aeroplane that was being designed in the late 1950s – mid 1960s.
At most , the Hoxne Hoard represents a moderate portion of the wealth of someone rich ; conversely , it may represent a minuscule fraction of the wealth of a family that was incredibly wealthy ..
When the state initially signposted its state highways in 1919 , Telegraph Road from the Ohio state line north to Dearborn was assigned the original M @-@ 10 designation.
During a break in her relationship with Fitz , Pope develops an emotional and physical attachment to Fitz 's Navy colleague Jake Ballard ( Scott Foley ).
The album was said to break past traditional rules of bluegrass music by integrating a jam @-@ band mindset while blending classical folk balladry and rock ' n ' roll into the sound.
Similarly , Chris Colgan of PopMatters named Thirteen " the latest in a series of well @-@ composed and well @-@ executed albums " by Megadeth.
Nintendo Power included it in the " 100 Greatest Nintendo Games " lists , placing it ninth in 1997 's issue 100 , and twenty @-@ eighth in 2005 's issue 200.
As a teacher , Stanford was sceptical about modernism , and based his instruction chiefly on classical principles as exemplified in the music of Brahms.
In the UK , it was published in 1913 by the <unk> Game Company under the title Brer Fox an ' Brer Rabbit.
Images from the music video first emerged online on April 7 , 2014.
Without realizing it , the country had entered onto the gold standard.
The withering pace of the gunfire eventually convinced Black Hawk that the fort was too heavily defended to lead a direct attack , and he and his band of warriors retreated ..
<unk> and Marigot died in prison in June 1969 and April 1971 , respectively.
The pieces of wood , and those parts of the hull , near the water ( <unk> ) serve for the crew to wash and to accomplish their natural necessities.
Vick made his fourth Pro Bowl after the season and was named the Eagles ' starting quarterback.
Johnson lives in Taos , New Mexico , in a home that he built himself.
Such locations could be the western margin of the CFR during winter and the western margin of the CFR during summer.
This committee duly met , examining the President 's bank accounts , and summoning members of the Cabinet to testify.
The challenge of coordinating these projects took an artistic toll on Pei.
Studies resumed in Malay , as van der Linden was unable to speak Sundanese.
However , on 17 May 2011 , Vijender got married to Archana Singh , a software engineer with an MBA degree , from Delhi.
A second SpongeBob SquarePants television film , titled Truth or Square , aired on Nickelodeon on November 6 , 2009.
Braulio Baeza was chosen to jockey My Gallant , after being dropped by the owners of Shecky Greene in advance of the race because they were unsure whether that horse would be entered in to the Derby.
Jolliffe presented several witnesses that claimed to have seen these documents.
Historians have discerned a decline of monasticism in this period , with many religious houses keeping smaller numbers of monks , and those remaining often abandoning communal living for a more individual and secular lifestyle.
For The Year of the Sex Olympics Kneale extrapolated the possible consequences of the youth movement 's desire for freedom from " traditional " cultural inhibitions , asking as the academic John R. Cook puts it , " In a world of no limits , will the result quickly be apathy if there is nothing any more to get excited about , nothing precious or illicit to fight for in the teeth of the censor ? " ..
The brain is small and simple in some species , such as nematode worms ; in other species , including vertebrates , it is the most complex organ in the body.
" On film review show At the Movies , both Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel gave the film a " thumbs up " ; in his own review for the Chicago Sun @-@ Times , Ebert gave the film 3 stars out of 4 , calling it " One of the great goofy movies " , and concluding , " I would not have missed seeing this film , and I recommend it for its richness of imagery.
He falls out with Daniel when he puts his romance with Amber Turner ( Jenna Rosenow ) before work.
Berton used motion capture in order to achieve " a menacing and very realistic Mummy ".
On September 13 , the 15 mi ( 25 km ) eye crossed Puerto Rico in eight hours from the southeast to the northwest , moving ashore near Guayama and exiting between Aguadilla and Isabela.
23 complaints of excessive police force led to a large citywide hearing on June 28 , 2000.
The news that Feletti had been arrested caused the press storm surrounding Mortara , which had died down somewhat , to flare up again across Europe ..
Daniel Kleinman returned to design the film 's title sequence after stepping aside to allow graphic design studio MK12 to create the Quantum of Solace sequence ..
The margin of the cap starts out curved inwards ( incurved ) and gradually becomes curved downwards ( decurved ) with age.
" Love the Way You Lie " and " Love the Way You Lie ( Part II ) " were based on a demo written and recorded in late 2009 by Grey.
He took 4 / 13 in the first innings , bowling or trapping all of his victims leg before wicket , and then compiled 79 as Australia cruised to another innings win.
Puritans delivered sermons regarding the perceived dangers of popery , while during increasingly raucous celebrations common folk burnt effigies of popular hate @-@ figures , such as the pope.
Its value in festival entertainment could be seen in firework displays , such as the martial demonstration in 1110 to entertain the court of Emperor Huizong.
In April 2013 , CEO Daniel Akerson announced that GM expects the second generation Volt to be priced on the order of US $ 7 @,@ 000 to US $ 10 @,@ 000 lower than the 2013 model year with the same features.
It forms strongly fluorescent complexes with various organic compounds , but there is no evidence of its incorporation into bacteria and archaea.
He taught himself to play without " ever practicing systematically " , he said , deciding that " love is a better teacher than a sense of duty.
The next battle takes place in the Goblin capital of <unk> , where the Goblin fortress is destroyed , and Gorkil the Goblin King is killed.
Some of the settings form groups of up to five pieces , including the expressive Passion motets , Quid <unk> , SWV 56 to 60.
It was completed in 1867 to the orders of landlord Thomas Johannessen <unk> , who had been purchasing forest properties in the area.
Even though he initially explained to Fermi why he thought the idea would not work , Teller was fascinated by the possibility and was quickly bored with the idea of " just " an atomic bomb even though this was not yet anywhere near completion.
Connor O 'Neill of The Miscellany News wrote that , " by funneling [ the primary means of R & B decadence ] through his diverse and diverging palette , Ocean <unk> both his nostalgic impulses and the odd future of which he is a part.
In the off @-@ season , Morrison underwent surgery for his hip injury and missed two months of workout and conditioning while recovering.
At the same time the aircraft 's body was broken in two.
Gumbo is the official cuisine of the state of Louisiana.
" Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide wrote " While Season 13 doesn ’ t threaten to approach the high standards of the series ’ strongest years , episodes like “ Shut ” help make it better than expected.
Highway 7 continues east along 22nd Street West , concurrent with Highway 14 ..
Evacuees were allowed to return after the storm exited the area ..
In the episode , Dr. Meredith Grey ( Ellen Pompeo ) and Dr. Lexie Grey ( Chyler Leigh ) ' s father is admitted into the hospital , seeking a liver transplantation.
Establishment of the C & SF made Everglades National Park completely dependent upon another political entity for its survival.
The Romans , however , managed to stop further Islamic expansion into their lands during the 8th century and , beginning in the 9th century , reclaimed parts of the conquered lands.
An OSRD team had selected the Knoxville , Tennessee , area in April 1942 , and in May Arthur Compton , the director of the Metallurgical Laboratory had met with Gordon R. Clapp , the General Manager of the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ).
Uematsu was also initially going to create the theme song for Final Fantasy XIII ( 2010 ).
Merril and writer Christopher Priest were among those who used the term " New Wave " to describe the work being done in New Worlds , but Aldiss was not the only writer to object to the term , and it never received a generally accepted definition.
Since Memorial Stadium had originally been built to accommodate baseball 's Baltimore Orioles as well as football , its playing surface was large enough to accommodate a full @-@ size Canadian field ..
The ship arrived on 19 September and remained in the area for the next five months ..
Co @-@ written by Chief of Staff McLarty , it criticized five White House officials , included McLarty himself , Watkins , Kennedy , Cornelius , and another , for dismissing the Travel Office members improperly , for appearing to pressure the FBI into its involvement , and for allowing friends of the Clintons to become involved in a matter with which they had a business stake.
The thirteenth stage saw Freuler win his second stage of the race by virtue of a sprint finish.
In identical twins , if one is affected there is a 50 – 60 % chance that the other will also be affected.
On 3 June 1918 he became a naturalised American citizen ..
The footage shows that the Met 's initial claim that there had been a barrage of missiles from protesters while police tried to save Tomlinson was inaccurate.
The film won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing ; it also received nominations for Best Original Score and Best Sound ( Ben Burtt , Gary Summers , Shawn Murphy and Tony Dawe ) , but lost to The Little Mermaid and Glory respectively.
In 1532 , Thomas Cromwell spent £ 3 @,@ 593 on repairs and imported nearly 3 @,@ 000 tons of Caen stone for the work.
The performance of " Dance for You " was later included on the live album Live in Atlantic City ( 2013 ) which was filmed during the revue.
She begins having several one @-@ night stands and takes greater and greater risks at work , becoming something of a loose cannon at the Special Victims Unit.
With the Seleucid treaty concluded , Philip 's army attacked Ptolemy 's territories in Thrace.
It was made available for a limited time as a free download through the official Alice in Chains website in early July.
He is introduced as " a dreadful demon that was always hungry and being endowed with long arms ".
Newcastle lost their first three matches in the opening group stage , but Shearer 's goal against Dynamo Kyiv , coupled with further wins against Juventus and Feyenoord saw the club progress to the second group stage.
Critics take this as a sign that they control his actions completely throughout the film.
The ax blade is turned away from him and is even with his hat ..
" Connery 's acting efforts were overlooked by this reviewer , who did say : " There is some excellent bit @-@ part playing by Mr. Bernard Lee and Mr. Harold Sakata : Mr. Gert Fröbe is astonishingly well cast in the difficult part of Goldfinger.
In 1952 the Rices built a new home north of Hillsboro on 30 acres ( 12 @.@ 1 ha ) that would later house the museum.
The Depression had decreased demand for coin in commerce ; no half dollars had been struck in 1930 , and none would be until 1933.
Throughout the course of the war , Romney reportedly changed hands 56 times between Confederate and Union forces , and the crossing of the South Branch Potomac River served as a strategic point due to its position along the Northwestern Turnpike , an important east – west route ..
However , John and Sarah arrive and disrupt the proceedings , followed by a T @-@ 1000 Terminator from the future ( its appearance as the helicopter pilot ) , whom they engage with automatic @-@ weapons.
The question of the authorship made the approach controversial ; most of the subsequent research indicated that the facilitators were unknowingly influencing the messages typed.
Immediately after the broadcast , the song was released for free download on the band 's official website , and was later released as a one @-@ track single via music download services on November 10.
Scarlet fought back with their powers , and the battle somehow breached the space @-@ time continuum.
A cable of about 5 meters ( 16 feet ) can be manufactured to Category 1 specifications easily and inexpensively by using 28 AWG ( 0 @.@ 081 mm ² ) conductors.
In the Midwest , the flow of moisture from Audrey intersected a weather front to its north , creating a large storm with associated rainfall of 5 inches ( 130 mm ) to 11 inches ( 280 mm ) extending from central Missouri east @-@ northeast across central Illinois and central Indiana.
The Duan Albanach ( Song of the Scots ) tells that the three sons of Erc — Fergus Mór , Loarn and Óengus — conquered Alba ( Scotland ) around 500 AD.
Afterwards , aided by two consecutive 29 @-@ yard plays ( via Brandon Marshall 's defensive pass interference , followed by Wilson 's 29 @-@ yard catch ) , the Bears reached the Broncos ' 19 @-@ yard line , where Gould eventually kicked a 37 @-@ yard field goal.
The African crake is found mainly in grassland , ranging from wetland edges and seasonal floodlands to savanna , lightly wooded dry grassland , and grassy forest clearings.
Finally , the law provided that the confiscated property be sold at auction ; however , because the law specified that " anybody other than Turkish Muslim refugees can only acquire property in Turkey with the approval of the Ministry of Internal Affairs " , the result was that non @-@ Turkish Muslims were effectively excluded.
There is also some gas , plasma and dust , and small meteors.
The Australian raven can be distinguished from the two species of crow occurring in Australia by the grey base of the feathers , which is white in the latter species.
In 1661 , soon after the coronation , he painted a formalised portrait of the monarch , seated in front of a tapestry representing the Judgement of Solomon , wearing St. Edward 's Crown , the robes of the Garter , and carrying the orb and sceptre.
On 20 April , in her first combat action above the 38th parallel , Iowa shelled railroad lines at Tanchon , where four railroad tunnels were destroyed , before sailing to Chindong and Kosong for a two @-@ day bombardment of North Korean positions ..
He played the album repeatedly to his followers , the Manson family , and convinced them that it was an apocalyptic message predicting an uprising of oppressed races , drawing parallels with chapter 9 of the Book of Revelation ..
Yuji Horii , in a 1989 interview , said that developers had perfected the series ' game structure in Dragon Quest III , and this was reflected by the transition from one character 's quest to a party of heroes.
A nearby upper trough created unfavorable conditions for tropical cyclogenesis , subjecting the low to wind shear and abundant dry air that kept it indistinct and disorganized.
He finished with the second 100 @-@ plus point season of his career with 39 goals and a personal best 62 assists.
An arrow pierced Louis 's left leg during the siege of Aversa.
Andrew Reiner of Game Informer heralded the vehicle construction as " fun " , however he criticised Rare 's " habit of forcing the player " to collect large quantities of items to build their vehicles and progress through the game.
I Want You continues in the same vein but with only the faintest traces of the robust passion that shot through and sustained the earlier album ... one expects something with a little more substance and spirit.
The winds also toppled utility poles and inflicted roof damage on buildings.
Jocelin , moreover , does not seem to have been interested in the independence of the other " Scottish " sees , but merely to maintain his own episcopal independence , i.e. that of the bishopric of Glasgow.
Given that the gallows were still in regular use , it was felt that " thou shalt not kill " would have been hypocritical.
The Master Chief lands on this Halo and subsequently assassinates the Covenant High Prophet of Regret.
Tropical Storm Cecil was regarded as the worst storm to strike Vietnam in 50 years.
Though Birmingham had less pedigree in the competition , the press viewed them as favourites.
The Democrats and Republicans in the Ohio General Assembly struck a deal to eliminate one Democratic and one Republican district , as one congressman from each party was expected to retire.
In December 2011 , Jordie Kilby called Big Red Rock " a great record ; quite an influential ( album ) ... now one that 's held in quite high regard.
He is known in the game as the hero who freed the Kingdom of Alefgard from darkness.
Frank Selby , owner of His & Hers Fly Shop in Costa Mesa , was interviewed by Oc Register and <unk> Times reporters , he confirmed his own steelhead takings from the 1950s and 60s , last sighting in 1972.
AMS counts the atoms of 14C and 12C in a given sample , determining the 14C / 12C ratio directly.
He began working at a young age , supplementing his family 's income variously as a cotton picker earning 35 cents per 100 pounds , managing a fruit stand , and delivering newspapers.
The Avengers received positive reviews and was highly successful at the box office , becoming the third highest @-@ grossing film both in the United States and worldwide.
He has stated that he would go to church with his Christian grandmother , but considered it for " older people " and said it " wasn 't for me.
The New York Herald called it " The crowning German atrocity ".
Sea lions may travel alone or in groups while at sea and haul @-@ out between each sea trip.
Gian Gastone was angry ; he had become quite attached to the Infante @-@ Duke , and didn 't like the prospect of a foreigner ruling Tuscany.
Comic Relief also took an interest in Maraba.
On 3 August 1884 , Merrick departed the workhouse to start his new career ..
These samples provided a deliberately provocative backdrop for beatbox rhythms and cryptic , political raps.
Robert Vagacs , author of the book Religious Nuts , Political Fanatics : U2 in the Theological Perspective , describes the song as the antimatter of " Where the Streets Have No Name " , in both musical and thematic aspects.
Peribsen 's actions were thought to be similar to those of the much later 18th dynasty pharaoh Akhenaten , who had required Egyptians to serve only Aten.
As the drift proceeded the ocean became deeper ; soundings gave successive depths of 6 @,@ 000 feet ( 1 @,@ 800 m ) , 9 @,@ 000 feet ( 2 @,@ 700 m ) and 2 @,@ 000 feet ( 610 m ) , a progression which indicated that no undiscovered land mass was nearby.
He later served as the inaugural member to represent Virginia 's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1789 to 1793.
In June 1780 , he was partly responsible for the Loyalist defeat in the Battle of Ramsour 's Mill.
Although the film was based on mythology , it featured compositions from much later time periods , such as those by the carnatic musician Tyagaraja and Indian National Congress publicity songs.
They changed the structure of the entire show to a more narrative format , which made the show easier for young children to navigate.
A 1995 survey of VHEMT members found that a majority of them felt a strong moral obligation to protect the earth , distrusted the ability of political processes to prevent harm to the environment , and were willing to surrender some of their rights for their cause.
The sound of Smith 's guitar was a departure from that prevalent in the 1970s.
From 1967 to 1969 , he was an assistant professor of zoology at the University of California , Berkeley.
The section of the song at 3 : 12 has four bars without the kick @-@ drum and four without it ..
By April 18 , 1945 , he was a first lieutenant in command of Company A , 15th Infantry Regiment , 3rd Infantry Division , 7th Army.
A distinct defining feature of a Surtseyan eruption is the formation of a pyroclastic surge ( or base surge ) , a ground hugging radial cloud that develops along with the eruption column.
The French fleet was commanded by Admiral Émile Guépratte ; the acting Allied commander was Rear Admiral John de Robeck , who stood in for Admiral Sackville Carden.
) A telephone information hotline was also set up , and 2 @.@ 15 million EU information booklets were prepared for mailing to every household in the country.
SMS Gefion ( " His Majesty 's Ship Gefion " ) was an unprotected cruiser of the German Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial Navy ) , the last ship of the type built in Germany.
" Hunt also described the introduction of new elements as " clunky " , feigning " wonder " that " someone doesn 't say ' Nice facial hair , <unk> ' to Riker because that 's the level of subtlety they go for.
Hereward captured the German blockade runner <unk> on 5 November.
The current route was designated as portions of three state routes prior to 1927.
The concerto 's first movement is the first piece of music on the Voyager record.
According to IHS CERA estimate , oil revenue of Iran will increase by a third to USD 100 billion in 2011 even though the country is under an extended period of U.S. sanctions.
Fourteen cameras were used to film the Palio di Siena footage , which was later edited into the main sequence.
Welara stallions average 14 to 15 hands ( 56 to 60 inches , 142 to 152 cm ) and mares 13 @.@ 1 to 14 @.@ 3 hands ( 53 to 59 inches , 135 to 150 cm ).
A number of retired military officers and others testified in favor of the need for reform.
" Hermóðr mounts Sleipnir and rides away.
However , despite its success , the Firm was not turning over a large net profit , and this , coupled with the decreasing value of Morris ' stocks , meant that he had to decrease his spending ..
Otherwise , everybody will say , ' Well , you didn 't have to face the Yankees.
This is how it finally ends , ' " said Trucks.
With Diệm 's ascent to the leadership of South Vietnam in 1955 , Cẩn 's stock rose.
In 1872 , Rossier applied for a passport to travel to France where he may have produced photographs.
Now commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Ray Lynch due to Gray being promoted to brigadier and given command of the 4th Brigade , it served as security for the divisional headquarters from late June to early July as the entire division relocated several times during this period.
" Brennan argued , in addition , that since " Congress has provided for a procedure by which one may formally renounce citizenship " before US consular officials , a procedure that all conceded that Terrazas used , Terrazas was still a US citizen ..
In August 1851 , English won his first election to the state house of Representatives.
" One Thing " is an upbeat , uptempo pop rock number which runs for three minutes and ten seconds.
The royal ancestral spirits that possess tromba mediums are almost always of Sakalava ancestry.
Other sources place the number of Serbs and Jews massacred in Novi Sad as being much lower , at around 879.
Parker confirmed the name of the book that has since become the nickname for the Everglades when Douglas , trying to capture the essence of the Everglades , asked if she could safely call the fresh water flowing from Lake Okeechobee a river of grass ..
They called the unidentified factor responsible for this effect a <unk>.
Biographers suggest that his career may have begun any time from the mid @-@ 1580s , to just before Greene 's remarks.
During the late 1970s , the amount of transport fel dramatically , and reached 11 @,@ 000 tonnes ( 11 @,@ 000 long tons ; 12 @,@ 000 short tons ) in 1980.
The Pope appointed Thomas Nicolson as the first Vicar Apostolic over the mission in 1694 and the situation of Catholicism began to improve.
Historical opinion is divided on what sort of role the rebellion played in the formation and later ratification of the United States Constitution , although most scholars agree it played some role , at least temporarily drawing some anti @-@ Federalists to the strong government side.
After Oliver provided a summary account of Davidson 's life in London , Barbara Harris gave evidence.
This , says Amundsen 's biographer Roland Huntford , was " enough to generate suspicion and low spirits " ..
Between Abel 's offscreen cancer death to Amelia 's icy resting place … there was a real whiff of death in this episode.
The manga was licensed for an English @-@ language release in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment using the revised Hepburn romanization of the title , Kashimashi , unlike the traditional name of Kasimasi.
Mani Ratnam had accompanied Ravi Shankar along with another friend called Raman , son of filmmaker S. Balachander , to complete the script of the film.
In 1978 and 1979 , Gilda Radner portrayed a character called Candy Slice on Saturday Night Live based on Smith ..
Historically , the first application of binary logarithms was in music theory , by Leonhard Euler : the binary logarithm of a frequency ratio of two musical tones gives the number of octaves by which the tones differ.
Rayon was used in the 1920s in the manufacture of tight @-@ fitting swimsuits , but its durability , especially when wet , proved problematic , with jersey and silk also sometimes being used.
The reservists were to be trained and qualified for duty at the continental shore stations of the USCG.
A week after Rusty passed through Pilbara , an algal bloom the size of Tasmania appeared offshore.
Biologist Valerius Geist , who has written on the world 's various deer species , holds that there are only three subspecies of elk.
<unk> ! " ( I 'm not letting my ship get shot out from under my arse.
Orville apparently visualized that the fixed rudder resisted the effect of corrective wing @-@ warping when attempting to level off from a turn.
In 1847 a small political crisis occurred which removed Bentinck from the leadership and highlighted Disraeli 's differences with his own party.
The location from which he made this , and possibly the call to Florman , remains unknown.
One of the difficulties faced by the division in fighting in the mountains was the lack of mountain artillery which could accompany the battalions in the field.
Spears kisses him again and jumps out of the window.
He finds someone who is actually interested in hearing what he has to say ; however , he fails to teach them anything about the religion.
My Official Wife was a delicious story , novel in situations and treatment , and simply and well told.
From 1966 to 1990 , this species was designated the largest pore fungus in the Guinness Book of World Records.
Ronald J. Onorato , author of the National Register nomination , writes that " the soldier stands with legs apart , his left hand at his belt , the right at his side.
The Russian operations went completely undetected by the German navy.
It was released on January 13 , 1986 as the album 's lead single by A & M Records.
<unk> High School opened as a junior secondary school in 1964 and was upgraded to a high school in 1972.
As one squad of six Marines from Company F patrolled near where the guns were discovered , they entered a hidden Japanese camp and found themselves among about 100 Japanese soldiers resting under shelters with their weapons stacked around trees in the center of the camp.
After the Republic was proclaimed , the national flag was provisionally adopted as distinguishing flag of the head of state in place of the royal standard.
Programming is left up to student DJs.
Williamson collected two base hits in 23 at bats , for a <unk> batting average , and scored one run ..
Inside their hotel room , Spears and her boyfriend start screaming at each other.
Unless surgery is planned , however , this rarely affects management.
There may be multiple ways to complete these missions as the game environment is designed to facilitate shortcuts , experimentation , and creative ways to kill enemies.
In 1097 , William Rufus sent another of Máel Coluim 's sons , Edgar , to take the kingship.
Students are required to take a small orientation course online before entering the center and are interviewed individually.
Viewer interaction via a second screen is becoming increasingly popular ..
The Supreme Court , the Dhaka High Court and the Foreign Ministry are located in the Ramna area.
Fanno Creek then enters Durham , passes a USGS gauging station 1 @.@ 13 miles ( 1 @.@ 82 km ) from the mouth , flows through Durham City Park , and empties into the Tualatin River 9 @.@ 3 miles ( 15 @.@ 0 km ) from its confluence with the Willamette River ..
The video was certified gold by RIAA on December 21 , 1999 , and platinum on February 16 , 2000.
In August , the Viet Cong was back in action again ; this time the 165th Regiment of the 7th Division targeted the Tong Le Chon Special Forces Camp , located southeast of the 1st Infantry Division 's area of operations.
One such witness was Henry Dunster , the first president of Harvard College.
<unk> John Nathaniel Cumings made the link with copper accumulation in both the liver and the brain in 1948.
On 30 August 1945 the division was sent to southern Japan as part of the occupation force.
Traffic engineer Samuel D. <unk> said that Allentown is one of few Pennsylvania cities without a traffic route going through it.
Ancient oceans left behind chalk subsoil deposits when they receded 70 million years ago.
S. Saraswathi of Rediff described " Nilaave Vaa " as a " timeless classic that you never tire of ".
The album has a song called " Forbidden Love " , which is different from the same titled song from Madonna 's sixth studio album Bedtime Stories.
Johnson returned in the next match against Surrey at The Oval in London , where Australia won the toss and batted first.
Tadamasa Hayashi was a prominent Paris @-@ based dealer of respected tastes whose Tokyo office was responsible for evaluating and exporting large quantities of ukiyo @-@ e prints to the West in such quantities that Japanese critics later accused him of siphoning Japan of its national treasure.
West of its interchange with MD 108 , MD 32 's name changes to Sykesville Road and becomes a north @-@ south highway , which continues as a partially controlled @-@ access two @-@ lane highway through a mix of farmland and large @-@ plot residential subdivisions.
" In early January 2011 , Perry announced via Facebook that " E.T. " would be the record 's fourth single.
He played in Stevenage 's televised League Cup loss two days later against Championship side Portsmouth.
Finally , the Markova Reka , the source of which is on Mount Vodno , meets the Vardar at the eastern extremity of the city.
After the hosts ’ openers had put on 74 , Johnson removed both in quick succession to leave Gloucestershire at 2 / 79.
The first teaser for the series debuted during Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. on October 28 , 2014 , with the tagline " Sometimes the best man for the job ... is a woman.
Ron Hauge , a The Simpsons show producer , suggested the name Max Power to a friend who wanted to change his name.
After seeing the success from televising the final games of the tournament , Castleman Chesley believed that " ACC basketball could be as popular as any TV show in North Carolina.
One cycle of the ride took approximately 2 minutes and 15 seconds ..
The <unk> philosopher and physician Ibn Sina ( Avicenna ) ( c.
It 's not trying to be clever.
Published since 1900 , the newspaper and app features news from Poole , Bournemouth and the surrounding area.
Eager to develop a television series for middle @-@ class thirty @-@ somethings , Harries had Bullen pitch ideas to The Perfect Match assistant producer Christine Langan , with a view to making a pilot.
The species now is classified with all other marmots in the genus Marmota.
These measures came into effect in April 2008.
With no brakes and little directional control , the aircraft crashed into the CH @-@ 47 that had been destroyed early in the morning , but Delmore managed to turn his aircraft off the runway to avoid blocking it.
With the construction projects underway , PA 321 was closed north of Kane and traffic was detoured via US 6 to Warren or via US 6 and US 219 to reach PA 59 and the Kinzua Dam ..
He had initially considered a number of alternative names for the troupe , including the <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ..
As in the rest of West Africa , the rainy season and dry season are the only weather periods that recur in Enugu.
In the first week of May , the single skyrocketed from a lowly position of No. 64 to No. 1 , the biggest jump in Billboard history at the time.
In the meantime , Minh left the JGS headquarters and traveled to Gia Long Palace in a sedan with his aide and bodyguard , Captain Nguyễn Văn Nhung.
She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965.
Particular areas of discussion during the design process were the " a " ( several versions and sizes in the hot metal era had a straight tail like Johnston 's or a mildly curving tail ) and the " b " , " d , " " p " and " q , " where some versions ( and sizes , since the same weight would not be identical at every size ) had stroke ends visible and others did not.
He sings the lowest pitch in the song , A2 ( the tonic ) , at the beginning of the chorus , on the first syllable of the phrase " Take On me " ..
The record was soon certified gold , but the band was relatively uninterested in the achievement.
When a female enters oestrus ( which lasts for four to six days ) , it seeks the company of males.
An elevated core temperature , leading to increased symptom presentation has been noted during exercise , due to variations in circadian body temperature throughout the day , and due to heat exposure including warm temperatures , warm showers , sun bathing , etc.
This was a deliberate act , most likely done by Petty Officer Hartwig.
Some historians maintain Ferdinand had also been touched by the reformed philosophies , and was probably the closest the Holy Roman Empire ever came to a Protestant emperor ; he remained at least nominally a Catholic throughout his life , although reportedly he refused last rites on his deathbed.
Nicholas Meyer , who directed The Wrath of Khan and co @-@ wrote The Voyage Home was also approached for an idea for the sixth film , but had none.
The outbreak of the Pacific War resulted in Northern Area being split in January 1942 into North @-@ Western and North @-@ Eastern Areas , to counter separate Japanese threats to Northern Australia and New Guinea.
" It 's also about trusting your intuitions and yourself ".
After maintaining peak winds for about 18 hours , Danielle began weakening in the eastern Caribbean Sea , due to entrainment of dry air from northern South America.
The entire United States did not finally come under the influence of time zones until 1905 , when Detroit finally established standard time.
Published in 1961 by Schocken Books , Parables and Paradoxes presented in a bilingual edition by Nahum N. Glatzer selected writings , drawn from notebooks , diaries , letters , short fictional works and the novel Der Process ..
" He ate ice cream by the half @-@ gallon , and there were stories that he once ate 18 eggs for breakfast ..
The second classification was the points classification.
Bure signed a four @-@ year contract worth a reported $ 2 @.@ 7 million with an $ 800 @,@ 000 signing bonus soon thereafter.
The German squadron then broke off and returned to port ..
She added that the verdict sends " a signal that the government is taking a harder line on protests.
After the 1932 team compiled a perfect 8 – 0 record ( outscoring opponents 123 – 13 ) and won the national championship , the press credited the squad 's " esprit de corps " as a key to their success.
Texian Robert Evans , the master of ordnance , had been tasked with keeping the gunpowder from falling into Mexican hands.
Newman needed to find financial backing for his first season.
The highway emerges from the valley 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north of Guide Board Corners , at which point it meets CR 114 , a connector to NY 79 , and curves westward as Valley Road.
He was a member of the London , Midland and Scottish Railway 's Advisory Committee on Scientific Research from 1931 to 1947 and conducted numerous experiments on their behalf in the laboratories at Cambridge.
Nick Levine from BBC Music wrote that Brown is at his most ingratiating when he unites with Benassi " for the electronic throb of " Beautiful People " ".
Geoffroy 's tamarin becomes sexually mature at about 2 years , and can live up to 13 years ..
The second song was , " Millions " , which features guest vocals from a fellow rapper Rick Ross.
Birmingham City had chased him for several weeks and had a £ 2 @.@ 5 million offer accepted , meeting Manchester City 's valuation of the player , but they pulled out of the deal with a week of the transfer window remaining.
Hotspur 's father – the young Henry 's grandfather – was also called Henry Percy , and in 1377 became the first of the Percy family to hold the title of Earl of Northumberland.
Even though Company G hadn ’ t slept for thirty @-@ six hours , they went ashore at about one in the afternoon.
Meanwhile , in August 2005 an Australian Special Forces Task Group ( SFTG ) was deployed to Afghanistan as part of Operation Slipper , operating in the southern province of Uruzgan.
It has been suggested that the " spirit hands " in the séances of Home were made of gloves stuffed with a substance.
It begins with more direct involvement when Luthor hires Martha Kent as his assistant , and then indirectly when he becomes the conservator of the Kawatche caves and tries to unlock the mystery of the symbols on the cave walls.
[ ... ] To go for a guy like that is to say I want to be damaged.
In 1961 , the Scenery Preservation Board acquired the site , and in 1970 , the site was turned into a historical site , with the guns being dug up and put on display.
The battalion , which had been organized at Fort Benning , Georgia , from the US 30th Infantry Regiment of the US 3rd Infantry Division , had arrived in Korea at the end of August.
Radiohead stressed that they saw Amnesiac not as a collection of B @-@ sides or " leftovers " from Kid A but an album in its own right.
On 29 May 2008 , to celebrate the 40th anniversary of Manchester United 's first European Cup title , a statue of the club 's " holy trinity " of George Best , Denis Law and Bobby Charlton , entitled " The United Trinity " , was unveiled across Sir Matt Busby Way from the East Stand , directly opposite the statue of Busby ..
He reassures Kurt that he still loves him , and always will , no matter who his son chooses to be with ..
He noted that the group 's collaboration with Omar Rodríguez @-@ López from The Mars Volta on " Calma Pueblo " gives the song a " Beastie Boys vibe.
This contributed to a rapid increase in knowledge about the history of life on Earth , and progress towards definition of the geologic time scale largely based on fossil evidence.
HD <unk> , also located in IC 4756 , is an Algol variable eclipsing binary with a 5 @.@ 70 day period.
Townsend chose the name as an homage to the 1981 Kitarō album of the same name , which he " loved as a kid " ..
The next section of freeway opened between Howard City and Stanwood in 1980.
" These Amendments also empower Congress to enforce their provisions through " appropriate legislation " ..
In the Purdue game , Kafka went 28 @-@ of @-@ 44 and threw for 224 yards.
Ronnie denies it , but tells her she found out about the rape , and that Archie once raped her.
The section of the canal from Up <unk> to the western entrance of the Greywell Tunnel still exists and is a nature reserve ; there is water in the canal and the canal towpath can be walked.
The rest of the lineup consisted of Ginn and former vocalist Dez Cadena on guitars , Rollins on vocals , and Dukowski on bass.
Community Trolls ' first public performance was busking outside the 40 Watt Club in Athens in September , 1983.
Rory and the older Amy have a tearful farewell at the TARDIS door before the older Amy tells him to move on without her.
Lady manages to phase through a wall , and the two hear the Ice King 's voice coming from a ventilation shaft.
Both males and females are about 45 cm ( 18 in ) in height.
After stepping out of the TARDIS in modern @-@ day Colchester , the Doctor is blown off his feet by a blast of air , and the TARDIS , Amy still inside , dematerialises into the time vortex and refuses to <unk>.
In 2012 , The Oregonian highlighted the engagement of a couple who attribute the start of their relationship to a horse ring installation in the Pearl District ..
While the manager of the England team , Pelham Warner , thought that Ponsford " met the fast @-@ leg theory in plucky and able style " , this behaviour was criticised by the British cricket writer , R. C. Robertson @-@ Glasgow.
The Glazer 's takeover of the club resulted in disaffected fans setting up F.C. United of Manchester , which , as of 2016 , has become the largest supporter @-@ owned football club in the United Kingdom.
The official language of the proceedings was ecclesiastical Latin , but Cragh spoke only Welsh , therefore two Franciscan friars from Hereford – John Young and Maurice of <unk> – were recruited as translators.
One method of doing so was ensuring that the actors never touched while filming.
Doctors began blood transfusions in an attempt to re @-@ establish blood circulation after opening Selena 's chest and finding massive internal bleeding.
From John Halstead , a New Jersey @-@ born businessman who operated a mill near Pointe @-@ Levi , Arnold learned of the arrest of his courier and the interception of some of his letters.
There is a loud bang from outside , and everyone goes back into the lounge , erroneously thinking that the balloon has burst.
A reviewer from Computer Gamer praised its simplicity , stating that it was a " simple game " and would prove to be an " excellent " introduction to the wargame strategy genre.
The founders would be able to receive the rents for up to 49 years or when they die , whichever is later.
Lyrically it talks about a lover having a secret as well as how Madonna realized that one 's happiness is under one 's control.
That is , indigenous performers may take inspiration from the fact that the natives of Spain drove out the Moorish invaders ; thus , the natives of Mesoamerica , too , shall one day drive out the invaders ..
On 15 March 2008 , the band 's tour bus burst into flames outside their hotel in Medford , Massachusetts.
He was the first to publish The Answer to the Craftsman , Swift 's final defense of the Irish economy from England 's policies.
Four days after its release the film had earned a total of HK $ 11 @,@ 525 @,@ 621 , breaking the record for the highest @-@ grossing film debuting in the month of October.
Van Nistelrooy was retroactively banned for three matches as his challenge on Cole was missed by Riley ..
" All of these details support an understanding that Bede had great " warmth and admiration " for Edwin ..
Within twelve hours , Hurricane King crossed central Cuba , during which it weakened into a minimal hurricane.
Carlton Hill station was first constructed in 1888 as a 57 @-@ by @-@ 16 @-@ foot ( 17 @.@ 4 m × 4 @.@ 9 m ) wooden structure at Jackson Avenue in Rutherford.
Farther north , PA 232 runs through wooded residential areas as it comes to the Susquehanna Road intersection.
Employing more than 73 @,@ 600 people , institutions at the medical center include 13 hospitals and two specialty institutions , two medical schools , four nursing schools , and schools of dentistry , public health , pharmacy , and virtually all health @-@ related careers.
The method combines amplification with a novel technology called Surround Optical Fiber <unk> ( SOFIA ) and some specific antibodies against PrPSc.
To help clarify species and subspecies boundaries , and to establish whether morphology @-@ based classifications were consistent with evolutionary relationships , the phylogenetic relationships within the genus Nycticebus have been investigated using DNA sequences derived from the mitochondrial markers D loop and cytochrome b.
Cameo appearances are made by Akon and Space Cowboy.
In 1933 the Metropolitan Railway , which leased the line , was taken into public ownership and became the Metropolitan line of London Transport.
Harrison 's progression within the genre reflected his concept for the Wonderwall soundtrack – namely , that the assignment allowed him to create an " anthology " of Indian music and present a diverse range of styles and instrumentation ..
The ship was recommissioned with a crew of 600 men in mid @-@ July 1870 , just before the beginning of the Franco @-@ Prussian War.
In 2013 , Forbes ' named Omaha among its list of the Best Places for Business and Careers ..
Among the many engineering challenges are the dangerous amounts of sulfuric acid at these heights ..
The pamphlet was released on the day of the Grand National and distributed widely through the crowds , and in response Sievier sued Wootton for libel.
His tenure in the position coincided with the deployment of the first RAAF aircraft to South Vietnam , seven DHC @-@ 4 Caribous , commencing in August 1964.
They were designed to produce a total of 90 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 67 @,@ 113 kW ) at a working pressure of 235 psi ( 1 @,@ 620 kPa ; 17 kgf / cm2 ) , but achieved slightly more than that during Glorious 's trials , although she did not reach her designed speed of 32 knots ( 59 km / h ; 37 mph ) ..
The site 's consensus reads : " The Boy Next Door may get a few howls out of fans of stalker thrillers , but for most viewers , it won 't even rise to ' so bad it 's good ' status.
After the ambassador disembarked , the squadron , under the command of Captain Jean @-@ Baptiste @-@ François Bompart , dispersed to raid British shipping along the coast , capturing or destroying more than 60 merchant vessels before retiring to American ports for repairs ..
The code has been named the Nintendo 64 's most well @-@ hidden code because of the length of time before its discovery ..
Under the terms of their agreement with Ibn Tahir , the Andalusians and their families left Alexandria in 40 ships.
The inhabitants probably chose this area due to the arable land and copious springs flowing even in the rainless summer months.
The heads @-@ up display features a health meter , a radar and an ammunition count for secondary weapons.
Kant 's approach to treating thinking and acting alike is wrong , according to Williams ..
In the episode , it is revealed that in the 1960s , Mona was a homemaker who lived with her husband Abraham Simpson and Homer , who at the time was a child.
On May 25 , 2012 , an unmastered version of the track leaked online.
Any horse that shows Appaloosa core characteristics of coat pattern , mottled skin , striped hooves , and a visible white sclera , carries at least one allele of the dominant " leopard complex " ( LP ) gene.
A new minicomputer , SAM @-@ 2 , was built at NDRE and completed in April 1967.
" He continued , " the great sewer that runs beneath Londoners ... has added some 20 years to their chance of life ".
The Ocean Highway between Bethany Beach and Rehoboth Beach was completed in 1933.
Namco 's Tekken ( released in arcades in 1994 and on the PlayStation in 1995 ) proved critical to the PlayStation 's early success , with its sequels also becoming some of the console 's most important titles.
The Millais Gallery at Southampton Solent University , the John Hansard Gallery at Southampton University as well as smaller galleries including the Art House in Above Bar Street provide a different view.
Working from blueprints created by Paramount 's Rick Sternbach , the model shop at effects house Industrial Light & Magic ( ILM ) fabricated a 10 @.@ 5 @-@ foot ( 3 @.@ 2 m ) miniature over a five @-@ month period.
The cap cuticle is an interwoven trichodermium — a cellular arrangement whereby the hyphae are of roughly equal length and arranged perpendicularly to the surface.
Edge also said the fixed camera system is an asset because " you can always see exactly what ’ s going on and fight your opponents instead of the viewpoint " , and that the biggest success is the color @-@ coding system , which " effectively lets you know when you have an opening and when to run " ..
" In his review for MusicOMH , Darren Harvey called " Hot n Cold " a " Tiffany @-@ style ' 80s pop number ".
She set the precedent of German battlecruisers carrying much heavier armor than their British equivalents , albeit at the cost of smaller guns ..
O 'Neill introduced a $ 50 million transportation program that included $ 900 @,@ 000 ( later reduced to $ 500 @,@ 000 ) for basic stations and $ 4 million to refurbish 12 Budd Rail Diesel Cars for rolling stock.
He picked up his 10th yellow card of the season in a 0 – 0 draw with Altrincham , which resulted in a two @-@ match suspension.
" Not every review was as glowing , with the New York Herald Tribune noting " Miss Garland is fine , just fine.
Despite this , Paul is found guilty and sentenced to eighteen years jail with a non @-@ parole period of fourteen years.
In 2011 the International Resource Panel , hosted by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , warned that by 2050 the human race could be devouring 140 billion tons of minerals , ores , fossil fuels and biomass per year – three times its current rate of consumption – unless nations can make serious attempts at decoupling.
Many people involved with the show found the process extremely disruptive.
The weight @-@ driven movement is wound daily by hand.
The outer structure was composed of 16 piers covered in golden Jerusalem stone cut in blocks of the same proportions and same course finish as those of the Western Wall.
As of 2007 , Josephine County Sheriff volunteers man a sub station in Cave Junction , and the Sheriff 's Office has plans to begin a pilot program in the City Hall building , staffed by volunteers , that will include three temporary holding cells and the ability to take incident reports ..
Three laps later , the seventh caution came out because Keselowski had fluid coming out of his race car after being spun around by Gilliland.
Thus , the glutamines on CBP interact directly with the increased numbers of glutamine on the HTT chain and CBP gets pulled away from its typical location next to the nucleus.
Katainen then continued six @-@ party talks that included the NCP , the SDP , the Left Alliance , Green League , Christian Democrats and the SPP.
It is set in common time and in the key of F major and has a metronome of 134 beats per minute.
However , a local hunter in southern Negros claimed to have shot it in the nineties , which has given hope that the species may still exist , and as such the IUCN lists the Negros fruit dove as Critically Endangered , as any surviving population is likely to number fewer than 50 birds.
In 2009 , Lane took part in the first season of Wrestlicious , which began airing on television in March 2010.
Film historian Richard E. Braff notes that Allen Curtis as the writer , but provides no directorial credits.
Finally , the ascension , is represented using language that originally described Mercury ..
Using the airline 's A330 @-@ 200 , the exterior adopted a livery of Hello Kitty characters.
As a result , Osama bin Laden was killed several minutes into the operation.
Voting was limited to males of at least 18 years of age.
This attack broke their resolve and the French surrendered , several leaping into the sea to escape capture , only to be collected by the boats of Captain.
The record breaking run ended on April 18 , 2003 when Mr. Niebla won the title.
The book contains 22 songs , composed and arranged by Mitsuda.
Although a state of hostilities existed between the Mam and the K 'iche ' of Q 'umarkaj after the rebellion of the Kaqchikel against their former K 'iche ' allies prior to European contact , when the conquistadors arrived there was a shift in the political landscape.
All 144 passengers and six crew members were killed.
They describe a range of energy @-@ saving measures which have been implemented by the team and its fans.
Hornung was angered by Doyle 's action , and " told him there was no need for him to ' butt in ' except for his own ' satisfaction '.
His season was over after ten games and he would not play again for the Bruins.
Here , the finalists simultaneously played a custom game drawn from Hurricane Pack 2 while commentators called out the action.
In the 16th century , the Portuguese came to acquire substantial commercial interests in Canara.
The triptych is further distinct in that its creatures are located in an outside space ; by 1948 , Bacon 's studies of heads and figures specifically emphasised their confinement in rooms or other closed spaces ..
Reviews consistently noted Limbo 's short length for its higher selling price : two to five hours of gameplay for 15 euros or 15 U.S. dollars.
The next day , Diệm was given a <unk> parade from Lower Broadway to City Hall , and given a reception by the Mayor Robert Wagner.
Cindy however panics and alerts the police to the car crash scene.
Fort Lauderdale is home to Port Everglades , the nation 's third busiest cruise port.
The ship remained in Stockholm until 1 July , before leaving for Bergen in Norway.
He auditioned and was awarded a scholarship.
Newport News is located in the humid subtropical climate zone , with cool to mild winters , and hot , humid summers.
Until the end of the second chorus , we see scenes of Spears singing and watching the polo player as he gets ready.
At 16 years old , he transferred to Esporte Clube Pinheiros in São Paulo to train under coach Alberto Silva and Brazilian swimming legend Gustavo Borges.
Continuing to the east , the road intersects Six Forks and New Light Roads , before once again crossing over Falls Lake.
When pigs become simultaneously infected with more than one virus , the viruses can swap genes , producing new variants which can pass to humans and sometimes spread amongst them.
The station 's current format , established in 1996 , consists mostly of conservative talk programs and top @-@ of @-@ the @-@ hour news from Fox News Radio.
This plan was developed to the extent that in April , Howe 's army was seen constructing pontoon bridges ; Washington , lodged in his winter quarters at Morristown , New Jersey , thought they were for eventual use on the Delaware River.
Bathurst was pleased that this white @-@ collar worker had an emotional side , in comparison to David Marsden , whom he used as a yardstick when accepting those sorts of roles.
Armed with this knowledge , the group , now led by Dolarhyde , prepares to attack the aliens ' grounded mother ship.
The film was released theatrically starting on June 30 , 2010 , and is the first Twilight film to be released in IMAX.
" CBS News wrote the " smoking hot video [ was ] blowing up on the web ".
She had a designed displacement of 27 @,@ 790 long tons ( 28 @,@ 240 t ) and displaced 31 @,@ 130 long tons ( 31 @,@ 630 t ) at deep load.
After selling their novel to a book publishing executive , the group members later discover that the executive has replaced the trolls with vampires because vampires are more popular.
Corresponding with the Nintendo DS release of the game , a reissued soundtrack was released in 2009.
This is usually done for four weeks with the benefit attributed to sun exposure.
" Hillenburg had a " clear vision " of what he wanted the show to look like.
The Earl of Lancaster and the Despensers were fierce enemies , and Lancaster 's antipathy was shared by most of the Despensers ' neighbours , including the Earl of Hereford , the Mortimer family and the recently elevated Hugh Audley and Roger Damory.
" Asked following her husband 's loss if she would be involved in future campaigns , Ann said , " Never.
The study was based on an effectiveness in preventing cases , hospitalizations , and deaths of 62 % for all subgroups except people over 65 , for whom the effectiveness was estimated at 43 %.
After confirming that Jolie was pregnant in early 2006 , the significant media hype surrounding the couple reached what Reuters , in a story titled " The Brangelina fever , " called " the point of insanity ".
Meanwhile , the rest of the Viet Cong 9th Division was planning for a major attack on Loc Ninh , with the objective of capturing the district town and the Special Forces Camp.
Since the dramatic increase in popularity of the series , many graphic T @-@ shirts have been officially licensed through popular clothing retailers.
The lowest cutoff TM mode is <unk> [ t ] ( shown in figure 2 ) which is <formula> times the dominant mode in 2 : 1 waveguide.
The second immortal character 's morals would contrast his protagonist 's morals , serving as an antagonist for the main character.
By that time , however , Khrushchev had already begun the process of disengagement from Vietnam because of the growing conflict in the region was becoming more expensive for the Soviet Union , with North Vietnam relying more on it for large amounts of economic and military aid ..
20th Century Fox Television and Imagine TV were the production companies for the show that eventually became The Playboy Club.
Duralde criticized the film for adding a black and an Asian character in an attempt to " update the movie for the new millennium ".
Lanois edited the part , adding a beat developed by Eno , before playing it for the group.
He was recognised as a shrewd thinker about the game and was popular with team @-@ mates and opponents , with a penchant for practical jokes ..
A range of archaeological projects , such as the exploration of various trackways from the 3rd and 1st millennia BC and the establishment of their economic and geographic significance , was funded by various donors including English Heritage.
Although the Canadians and Australians had borne the brunt of the fighting , the Middlesex — despite the imminence of their replacement — had shown no evidence of hesitancy or lack of aggression when recalled into the fighting early in the battle.
In the Council of Representatives , 40 members are elected by absolute majority vote in single @-@ member constituencies to serve 4 @-@ year terms.
Describing the film , Robert Rossen said : " My protagonist , Fast Eddie , wants to become a great pool player , but the film is really about the obstacles he encounters in attempting to fulfill himself as a human being.
The stabbing storyline was described as a " brutal attack " and at the time producers refused to reveal if Zoe would die.
In the second , under guidance of Marc Wilmots in the 2010s , Belgium topped the FIFA World Rankings for the first time in November 2015 ..
Combat involves the player and recruited demons fighting against various enemies , with the protagonist having the option of talking with and recruiting enemies ..
While working , Sen invites a silent masked creature named No @-@ Face inside , believing him to be a customer.
The " Ishq Shava " dance scene was shot with the leading duo and freestyle dancers in an underground club and aboard a boat on the River Thames.
However , Fringe and its lead @-@ in , Bones , did help the network increase 52 % among adults aged 18 – 49 and 65 percent among total viewers from the same night the previous year.
Since 2008 efforts have been put into renovation and beautification of existing structures to repair damage from Typhoon Xangsane in 2006 and to promote the campus as a " walking museum " and ecotourism center.
A very positive review came from the Hartford Courant 's Greg <unk> , who called the song " a calculated , theatrical triumph of shameless pandering and steely determination that parallels the pop diva 's own rise to the top.
He then served as Air Member for Personnel ( AMP ) for six years , his tenure coinciding with a significant increase in manpower to meet commitments in South East Asia and the demands of a major re @-@ equipment program.
" Suteki da ne " is sung in its original Japanese form in both the Japanese and English versions of Final Fantasy X. The song 's title translates to " Isn 't It Wonderful ? " in English , and its lyrics were written by scenario writer Kazushige Nojima , while Uematsu composed the instrumentals and Shirō Hamaguchi arranged the instrumentals.
He met the Uranium Committee , and visited Berkeley , California , where he spoke persuasively to Ernest O. Lawrence , who was sufficiently impressed to commence his own research into uranium at the Berkeley Radiation Laboratory.
König Wilhelm and the other two broadside ironclads thereafter suffered from chronic engine trouble , which left Arminius alone to conduct operations.
Shortly after 3 am , he had telephoned Mugford , then the police at 3 : 26 am to say he had just received a frantic call from his father.
Appaloosas are used extensively for both Western and English riding.
Once 1st Battalion arrived at the 3rd Battalion 's former command post it was ambushed by North Korean soldiers on higher ground.
Daley was told of the remarks by his teammates and was advised to leave the team by his agent Bobby Orr.
In 1792 , the Academy secured four lots at Wheeling and Lincoln street from William Hoge and began construction on the stone Academy Building.
Its neck vertebrae were very pneumatic , with numerous hollow spaces on their surfaces ( pleurocoels ) ; these hollows were not evenly distributed among the vertebrae and varied in size.
But this interpretation is flawed because in IV : iii , as soon as Macduff hears that MacBeth has murdered his whole family , he says : " He has no children.
The Curse of the Black Pearl was the third highest @-@ grossing 2003 film in North America ( behind The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King and Finding Nemo ) and fourth worldwide ( behind The Return of the King , Finding Nemo and The Matrix Reloaded ).
Mathematics and art have a long historical relationship.
" She helped him pull out of that emotional crisis by praising his work as a songwriter and convincing him to continue writing and recording.
The band 's first live performance of the The Hunting Party album cycle was on May 24 , 2014 at the <unk> Day music festival , in which they headlined.
Herkus Monte , with a small group of his followers , was forced to withdraw to the forests of southern Prussia.
After retiring , Goater returned to Bermuda , receiving an official welcome from the Premier of Bermuda Alex Scott on his arrival.
It was costly in lives , as the Ottomans employed both infantry and artillery at the same time to assault and bombard Castelnuovo , resulting in heavy casualties among the Ottomans themselves due to both friendly fire and Spanish defending.
It encompasses the subspecies V. v. macroura , V. v. <unk> , and V. v. necator.
Rommel 's main concern was Allied air power.
The vessels circulate fluid round the whole body and the rhynchocoel provides its own local circulation.
Debate exists over the significance and outcome of the battle.
Commuter train service along Conrail 's New York – New Haven line was canceled due to power outages.
Corzine had long insisted that state employees must bear part of the cost of their health benefits after retirement.
The album was certified platinum nine weeks after its release.
Her albums ' social commentary and storytelling have incited debate on the " invigoratingly complex " politics of the issues she highlighted in the album , breaking taboos while the West was engaged in the 2003 Iraq War in the Middle East during the Presidency of George W. Bush.
Brady Hoke became the eighth coach to lead a team to a BCS bowl and third to win a BCS bowl in his first season ..
As they reached the Trouée d 'Arenberg , the break had just over a minute 's lead over the first chasing group ; the Vanmarcke group was around 20 seconds behind them , with Cancellara and Sagan in another group that was around a minute further back.
The depression produced heavy rainfall along the coastline , including a total of 19 @.@ 1 inches ( 486 mm ) measured in a 48 ‑ hour period in Acapulco.
However , she was saddened by how after Rukia defeats the first arrancar , ( Di Roy Rinker ) she is instantly stabbed by the arrancar <unk>.
While the book took eight years to write , Homer @-@ Dixon had been developing the ideas behind it for most of his career.
Most of the buildings constructed for the RAAF during the war were auctioned and removed around the same time ..
Henry 's 2006 – 07 season was marred by injuries.
They were trapped near Topusko when HV troops captured Glina , closing the last road available to them.
His signs included “ Love the Party ” – echoing the CPC slogan “ Love the country , love the Party ” ( <unk> ) – “ Fake Commie ” ; “ Party @-@ State ” referring to the one @-@ party state within China ; “ <unk> ” referring to the gradual infiltration of the communist ethos into Hong Kong ; “ Land Grabbing ” referring to the land acquisition for development in the Northeast New Territories ..
The Highlands are generally mountainous and are bisected by the Great Glen Fault.
At anthesis the flowers produce copious quantities of nectar ; indeed , some flowers produce so much that it drips to the ground.
He flew 94 combat missions with the squadron , all of them in bombing runs and close air support and air strike missions against ground targets.
This leaf shape is often seen in this species.
On the outer islands ( including Bali ) , Republican sentiment was not as strong , at least among the elite.
The game begins on Earth with Commander Shepard having been detained following the events in the Arrival downloadable content pack.
Two field guns and 14 machine @-@ guns were captured.
And as in international law and discourse , so in her navy , Brazil seeks to demonstrate her sovereign rank ..
Osgood then sent Fuller and Anne Lynch Botta to Poe 's cottage on her behalf to request that he return the personal letters she had sent him.
Queen Elizabeth had certainly been worried about the possibility and sent messages to Anne warning her not to listen to papist counsellors and requesting the names of anyone who had tried to convert her ; Anne had replied that there was no need to name names because any such efforts had failed.
The end of the poem is connected to Locke 's An Essay Concerning Human Understanding in that the beginning of the poem deals with the senses and the ending describes how we are limited in our ability to understand the world.
The election judge certifies his decision , which is final , to the Prime Minister.
Also in 1959 , the original routing from Lone Pine through Death Valley to Baker was added to the proposed California Freeway and Expressway System , though no parts have been upgraded as such.
The Amylostereaceae produce crust @-@ like , dry and leathery @-@ corky fruit bodies on the bark of infested trees.
" 420 " is the 12th episode of the seventh season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
The CD single sold an additional 27 @,@ 560 units , combing both the Mini CD and the CD single sales to 217 @,@ 170.
The sledding track , especially , would incur high operating costs , estimated at between NOK 5 and 6 million per year.
It was originally released in Japan on the Advent Pieces DVD , on September 14 , 2005.
Chinese officials have labelled several underground Protestant churches as a <unk> <unk> ( translated literally as " evil religion " ) , or cult , thus providing a pretext for harsher punishment of members ..
He completed his junior year with 11 @.@ 5 points , 5 @.@ 5 rebounds , and 3 @.@ 0 steals per game.
Secret of Mana + contains a single track , titled " Secret of Mana " , that incorporates themes from the music of both Secret of Mana and Seiken Densetsu 3 , which was still under development at the time.
Progress was interrupted by illness , but towards the end of the year Sibelius was confidently asserting that " I am writing my eighth symphony and I am full of youth.
In the United States , two systems were used during the 1890s to create molten glass.
As a result , Althorp was largely abandoned during the late 1830s and early 1840s.
They were initially fitted with a fore and aft sailing rig with two masts , but the rigging was later removed.
Originally , the part would be played by Canadian @-@ American actor and comedian Jim Carrey , who had asked for a role in an episode.
The 15th @-@ century siege gun or bombard known as Mons Meg is displayed on a terrace in front of St. Margaret 's Chapel.
Bringas was forced to flee himself to the Hagia Sophia , and on 16 August Nikephoros Phokas was crowned senior emperor as guardian of Basil and Constantine ..
Still , the removal may have been for aesthetic reasons , with the empty space on the right viewed as unnecessary ; its removal intended to bring balance to a canvas perceived as overlong.
Mhalsa has had a regular ritualistic marriage with Khandoba.
It developed as a key economic and administrative centre on the kingdom 's frontier.
After the paper collapsed , he returned to film , film a piece entitled Djaoeh Dimata for the Netherlands Indies Civil Administration in 1948.
Stauskas tied his career high of 26 points , with five rebounds and five assists.
He saw a " ... towering black crag , with a <unk> of snow around its flanks.
Ada Louise Huxtable wrote in The New York Times that Pei 's building was " a palatial statement of the creative accommodation of contemporary art and architecture ".
On the surrealism of the Swinging Star scenes , aspects of which include pink space clouds made of dry ice and a giant guitar on which Cliff Richard and The Shadows perform part of " Shooting Star " , Anderson explains that the production team " recreated a Busby Berkeley sequence " , and that the appearance of puppet versions of real @-@ life celebrities boosted the publicity value of the film ..
Lester Bangs would use the term " punk rock " in several articles written in the early 1970s to refer to mid @-@ 1960s garage acts.
She employed a Sudanese <unk> ( a cook @-@ housekeeper ) of whom she recalled :.
Many of the plantations were destroyed or abandoned during the Japanese Occupation ( 1942 – 1945 ) , allowing the crops to grow wild ..
In planning his magnificent project on the Temple Mount , which in effect would turn the entire complex into the Haram al @-@ Sharif ( " the Noble Sanctuary " ) , Abd al @-@ Malik wanted to replace the slipshod structure described by Arculf with a more sheltered structure enclosing the qibla , a necessary element in his grand scheme.
" He has resisted the label of ' storyteller ' and insists that his songs are not strictly autobiographical ; " they come from imagining someone in a particular situation.
In the extreme south of the country , the temperature averages 12 ° C ( 54 ° F ) ; at very high altitudes , the average is below 10 ° C ( 50 ° F ) ..
While " The Last Voyage " tells the story from the Covenant perspective , " Breaking Quarantine " highlights the escape of the human soldier Sgt. Johnson from the Flood.
However , more than four days after the passage of the storm , many other areas devastated by the hurricane had yet to receive aid from either the government or United States Army.
Many notable military commanders are alumni ; James A. Winnefeld , Jr. who currently serves as the ninth Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Philip M. Breedlove who currently serves as the Commander , U.S. Air Forces in Europe , William L. Ball was the 67th Secretary of the Navy , John M. Brown III is the Commander of the United States Army Pacific Command , and Leonard Wood was Chief of Staff of the Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for helping capture of the Apache chief Geronimo.
It was released August 12 , 2009 as part of the Xbox Live Summer of Arcade.
The earliest recorded instance the Opies found was in Sternberg 's 1851 Dialect of Northamptonshire.
The armies and officers that came into existence during the process of independence wanted to ensure that they got their rewards once the struggle was over.
Johnson then suggested American guitarist Daryl Stuermer of Jean @-@ Luc Ponty 's jazz fusion group who was more comfortable with various guitar styles.
The two men became close , and Mortimer paid for Forbes ' travels through the West , looking at potential hospital sites for the wounded World War I veterans.
The band 's second studio album Kerplunk sold 50 @,@ 000 copies in the U.S..
The electron of the hypothetical hydrogen @-@ like ununseptium atom — oxidized so it has only one electron , <unk> + — is predicted to move so quickly that its mass is 1 @.@ 9 times that of a non @-@ moving electron , a feature attributable to relativistic effects.
Smaller sized animals that may supplement the diet of wolves include marmots , hares , badgers , foxes , weasels , ground squirrels , mice , hamsters , voles and other rodents , as well as insectivores.
The strength of the force exerted by an intervention depends upon the difference in desirability between compliance and noncompliance alone , regardless of the manner of the intervention ..
Chesil Beach and Portland Harbour are used regularly for angling , diving to shipwrecks , snorkelling , canoeing , and swimming.
A major cult , therefore , could have well over 150 full or part @-@ time priests , with tens of thousands of non @-@ priestly employees working on its lands across the country.
From al @-@ Rahba , travelers , caravans and armies could proceed northwestward along the Euphrates route to Aleppo or traverse the desert route to Damascus.
After weakening to a tropical depression on November 23 , Marco became a tropical storm again on the following day.
Severe flooding contaminated water supplies , leaving an estimated 45 @,@ 000 people without drinking water in the wake of the storm.
They mounted a massive offensive on Cloverleaf Hill and Obong @-@ ni beginning at 08 : 00 on 17 August , unleashing all available heavy weapons : artillery , mortars , M26 Pershing tanks , and airstrikes ..
In November , a small Italian squadron was sent to Smyrna to join the fleet in there ; Folgore was mobilized as part of a larger force in Naples that consisted of the ironclads Francesco Morosini , Lepanto , and Ruggiero di Lauria , the protected cruiser Elba , the torpedo cruiser Calatafimi , and five torpedo boats.
At Grapevine , the land suddenly flattens out , and the road north of Grapevine was the longest straight section of road in the state — 17 miles ( 27 km ) — in 1926.
Federal authorities have stated they will not charge anyone who voluntarily turns in the artwork , but anyone caught knowingly in possession of stolen items could be prosecuted.
Historians Justin Vance and Anita Manning speculate that " it is possible that his service is noted under a different name " or his name was never recorded because only the muster @-@ out rolls from the regiment were returned to the Adjutant General 's office after the unit disbanded ..
Like all currawongs , it builds a large cup @-@ nest out of sticks , lined with softer material , and placed in the fork of a tree from 3 to 20 m ( 9 @.@ 8 to 65 @.@ 6 ft ) high.
Also present on this version is a short guitar solo , which would be replaced on the official release by what Unterberger terms " some inspired Paul scat @-@ tinged singing ".
The Spanish galleon Nuestra <unk> del Popolo is believed to have been wrecked in park waters in 1733 , though the site has not been found.
The latter did not provide more benefits to the population than offered by Muhammad Ali 's rule , but unlike Ali , they largely left the peasants and the local elite to their own devices , not demanding much more than the traditional taxes and nominal acceptance of the sultanate 's authority ..
Spear damage on a horse shoulder bone discovered at Eartham Pit , Boxgrove ( about 50 miles ( 80 km ) from the heart of the modern New Forest ) , dated 500 @,@ 000 BC , demonstrates that early humans were hunting horses in the area at that time , and the remains of a large Ice Age hunting camp have been found close to Ringwood ( on the western border of the modern New Forest ).
All of Ruisdael 's work can be interpreted according to the religious world view of his time : nature serves as the " first book " of God , both because of its inherent divine qualities and because of God 's obvious concern for man and the world.
They experiment on a peaceful bandicoot named Crash , who Cortex intends to be the military leader of his growing army of animal soldiers.
He then took 3 / 43 and 4 / 59 ; New Zealand had only two wickets in hand when rain caused the match to end in a draw with more than a day 's playing time lost.
Following relegation in 1980 , Bolton signed former Manchester United European Cup winning striker Brian Kidd from Everton for £ 150 @,@ 000 as they prepared to challenge for a quick return to the First Division.
In what became known as the National Schism , Venizelos established a parallel government in Thessaloniki in opposition to Constantine ..
Nielsen ratings confirmed that the show was watched by 111 @.@ 9 million viewers , thus becoming the third most watched halftime show in the history after Katy Perry and Mars as headline performer.
The most notable invention from Show Off was the one @-@ handed Revolution Cut , a variation of the common Charlier , where the top packet spins an additional 180 degrees ..
The value of the fields to wildlife was reduced by the resulting lower water table , but Natural England 's management measures have raised the water levels , attracting breeding and wintering birds.
' " During her concert in Nice , France , the swastika was removed and was replaced by an interrogation mark ..
The trade in New England ice expanded during the 1830s and 1840s across the eastern coast of the U.S. , while new trade routes were created across the world.
Padayatchi had earlier lied to Bala that Nalla died in the accident.
The shooting took place from February 7 – 9 in Long Beach , California at an aerospace manufacturing building.
It is one of the de : <unk> @-@ <unk> 486 @.@ 0 class , and has a green livery.
He was the main creative force when he was at Arsenal , as exemplified by his 16 assists in all competitions in the 2006 – 07 season.
He meets with a producer from The Daily Show , which angers Liz , who decides to help Jack negotiate.
The supplies needed to support the American and South Korean armies came through the United States and Japan.
The JTWC then issued its final warning on February 6 as Cyclone Gene was finishing its extratropical transition , and had also become fully embedded within the baroclinic zone.
A Europop , electronic dance track , the song puts emphasis on its chorus , and follows the chord progression of Gm @-@ F @-@ E ♭.
No more than three bishops who had escaped that great slaughter of the Christians performed the ceremony of coronation in the year of our Lord 1047.
Since 1919 , the black , coloured , and Indian sections of the AFM had developed as separate " daughter churches " or " mission churches ".
The first attempt on 8 August was unsuccessful , as it had taken too long to clear the Russian minefields to allow the minelayer Deutschland to lay a minefield of her own ..
A bridge scene was filmed for six consecutive nights in January on the Brooklyn Bridge to serve as a flashback scene in which New York 's citizens evacuate the city.
An edited version of the series premiered in Victoria on 14 September 2008 after the injunction was partially lifted , although only the first five episodes were shown.
David 's squash career began in 1992 when she won silver in the Under @-@ 14 category of the Penang State Junior Championship.
Richmond wrote the theme music , which was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Theme Music.
Jat community , which mostly live in the rural areas of outer Delhi , constitute around 5 % of Delhi 's population while the Other Backward Classes ( <unk> ) & the Dalits constitute 18 % and 17 % respectively ..
Tallon later said of his decision to become a wicket @-@ keeper , " You are never out of the game , and that suits me fine ".
The female bears 50 – 100 live young , typically in May.
The majority of dental implants are made out of commercially pure titanium , which is available in four grades depending upon the amount of carbon , nitrogen , oxygen and iron contained.
In 1974 , Taylor moved back to Ogden to live with his grandmother , but soon returned to Florida ..
The Allies proceeded to occupy the pass , rebuilt the wall the Phocians had built at the narrowest point of the pass , and waited for Xerxes 's arrival ..
Also appearing on Mind Games are songs that indulged Lennon 's affinity for pure rock ' n ' roll , such as " Tight A $ " , the title of which was a pun on the expressions " tight as " and " tight ass ".
The fifth finger was free and could be used to manipulate objects.
" That was somehow echoed by Entertainment Weekly 's Erin Strecker who wrote that " Beyoncé isn 't dancing this time around.
The hairs form distinctive " eyelashes " on the margin of the cup that are visible to the naked <unk> or easily visible through a magnifying glass.
An extension of the roadway north to Henderson was completed by the following year.
A preview of " Playmate to Jesus " was uploaded to Universal Music 's Danish YouTube account on 6 September 2011.
Gage dissolved the Assembly in June 1774 after he discovered the Massachusetts representatives were sending delegates to the extralegal Continental Congress.
" Others , including Neil Armstrong , who had worked with See on the backup crew for Gemini 5 , have since defended See 's piloting ability ..
As for the women , the children , the livestock and everything else in the city , you may take these as plunder for yourselves.
We think we pulled it off , and because we pulled it off , other people might feel inspired to put the effort in , and we think that 's a good thing.
Each catalytic β subunit also possesses a conserved lysine residue required for proteolysis ..
Holding pressure is increased until the parts are free of sinks and part weight has been achieved ..
Both of the American @-@ Hawaiian ships were idled while docked in New York.
It had a maximum thickness of 102 millimetres amidships , decreasing to 76 millimeters ( 3 in ) and 51 millimeters ( 2 in ) at the ship 's ends.
Ancestors of the Menominee Indian Tribe may have lived in the states of Wisconsin and Michigan for the last 10 @,@ 000 years.
Chopra had disliked actors and acting ; to her , the profession seemed like an excuse to wear too much makeup.
Umbricht continued to struggle in the bullpen and was demoted alongside Daniels on June 27 to the Columbus Jets of the International League as pitchers Tom Cheney and Earl Francis were promoted to the main squad.
The contract had an option for a two @-@ year extension.
It appeared on the chart for a total of 54 weeks and thus became Shakira 's longest charting song in the country.
Dressed in green robes , Mary Salome stands to the Virgin 's left , wiping tears from her face with the fold of her white headdress.
She , her sister , and a close friend founded a boarding school in Newington Green , a village already known for its Dissenting academies , including that of political theorist and educational reformer James Burgh , whose widow acted as " fairy godmother " in helping Wollstonecraft to find a house and pupils.
The specificity of these transcription factors ' interactions with DNA come from the proteins making multiple contacts to the edges of the DNA bases , allowing them to " read " the DNA sequence.
Callum Keith Rennie played ahbez , writing the song for Cole , played by Terence Carson , after falling in love with a woman named Anna Jacobs , portrayed by Tanya Allen ..
Instead , the increase in pressure and density due to the increasing weight raises the temperature of the core , and as the white dwarf approaches about 99 % of the limit , a period of convection ensues , lasting approximately 1 @,@ 000 years.
Despite the evidence of considerable naval activity in this period , earlier scholars believed that the Roman navy had all but vanished by the 4th century , but more recent work has altered this picture towards a transformation into a mainly fluvial and coastal force , designed for close co @-@ operation with the army ..
Duke mispronounced his reply as he expressed the relief at Mission Control : " Roger , <unk> — Tranquility , we copy you on the ground.
Yuan had these generals send in petition after petition to the Empress Dowager calling for the eunuchs ' dismissal ; <unk> Beck states that this " psychological war " finally broke the Empress Dowager 's will and she consented.
Spears felt inspired to create a show with a hotel theme which she later mixed with the concept of an onyx stone.
In critic Nate Chinen 's view , this album concentrated on " pure sound " , being " full of moments where a note hangs sharply in the air , and you hear the gathering overtones , the vibrations of the strings ".
His son begat the Dryas mentioned in Statius ..
In the spring , the two of them team up to arrange the funeral of Sue Sylvester 's sister , Jean ( Robin Trocki ) , when Sue is too upset to do so , after which Sue ends her long @-@ running campaign to destroy the glee club ..
The molars are high @-@ cusped , almost hypsodont.
Even though the request was backed by Serbia and its allies , the JNA request was refused on 15 March.
Bradley kicked off his tour of the state in Louisville , charging that Democrats had to import an orator for their candidate because all of the state 's best men had deserted him.
The Belfast Steamship Company 's MV Munster which operated the Belfast to Liverpool route , ( both British ports ) flew the tricolour.
In June 1992 it was reported that he had died in a plane crash along with Dostum , although these reports later proved to be false.
After his return to New Zealand , Miles served as commander of Wellington Harbour 's defences.
" As he had in 1832 , Honório Hermeto took up a defence based on the Constitution against this threat to the political system.
In Germany , the song earned a gold certification by The Federal Association of Music Industry ( <unk> ) , after peaking at number three on the charts.
York City leased land at Bootham Crescent from York Cricket Club as a replacement for their ground at Fulfordgate , which was on the outskirts of the city.
Fans were allowed to vote for their favourite acts and the ones with the most would proceed to the finals ; Shakira and her team would then pick the winner out of them.
However , on June 15 , the extension was pushed back again to " before the end of the third quarter ".
Como 's comments during a 1949 interview were prophetic , as far as his success was concerned.
One was mounted in the bow , while the other four were placed on the broadside , two on each flank of the ship ..
In October , Agamemnon and Monarch anchored in Maldonado Bay , in the mouth of the River Plate.
Linked metallocenes can also be formed by introducing several <unk> substituents onto a single cyclopentadienyl ligand ..
After a period within the sangha , Koṇḍañña retired to the Himalayas for the last twelve years of his life.
Hollander was the 37th director certified by Moreno in psychodrama.
This uncle greeted Captain James Cook in 1778 and confronted the navigator before he was killed ..
On the Virginia Tech side , senior quarterback Bryan Randall had a record @-@ breaking season.
In 1984 , £ 1 million of damage was caused to the pier by drifting equipment during engineering work in Sand Bay , to the north of the pier.
Taking on a list of 15 degrees , her open portholes were submerged , worsening the flooding and increasing the list to 45 degrees ; Royal Oak sank within 15 minutes with the loss of over 800 men.
Water @-@ power was first introduced to England by John Lombe at his silk mill in Derby in 1719 , but it was Richard Arkwright who applied water @-@ power to the process of producing cotton in the 1770s.
Most insects control their wings by adjusting tilt , stiffness , and flapping frequency of the wings with tiny muscles in the thorax ( below ).
Many Denver streets have bicycle lanes , and there are over 850 miles of paved , off @-@ road , bike paths in Denver parks and along bodies of water , like Cherry Creek and the South Platte.
The mandibular symphysis is also <unk> , allowing the jaw to bend which lets in more water.
It has a number of other calls , including an aggressive <unk> , a pook @-@ pook @-@ pook alarm for terrestrial predators like cats , and various chink and chook , chook vocalisations.
His fundraising abilities grew the college 's endowment expanded from $ 2 @.@ 3 million to nearly $ 11 million.
Steinberg stated that the characters now felt like " a part of the environments , as opposed to cut @-@ outs floating on top of it.
In mid @-@ July 2014 , the distribution rights of the film in the Ceded region were sold for approximately ₹ 81 million ( US $ 1 @.@ 2 million ) including prints & publicity costs which , as of March 2015 , is the highest amount for a Ram Charan film.
In April 2012 ownership of the business transferred from the <unk> to Roger and Lani Jo Leigh.
In 1931 , Everett H. Kimmell , another U.S. Surveyor , found this newer stone had broken too and he replaced it with a brass disc marker set in cement.
At the outbreak of World War II in September 1939 , Bretagne and Provence were based in Toulon with the 2nd Squadron , while Lorraine was assigned to the Atlantic Squadron ..
The following year , she appeared at more Bohemian venues including the Empire and the Alhambra theatres , the Trocadero Palace of Varieties , and the Royal Standard playhouse.
On 16 March 1951 he became the Air Force Deputy Chief of the Armed Forces Special Weapons Project.
Instead , in the spring of 1553 , Guildford was engaged to the sixteen @-@ year @-@ old Jane Grey herself.
Hereford had been vacant since the death of Robert of Melun in 1167 , due to the Becket 's exile and then death.
The club badge is predominantly yellow and blue to reflect this , and features a representation of a clock tower located on Nanny Hill , near the club 's stadium.
On hearing the proclamation , the mob cheered.
The ends of the ship were left entirely unprotected which meant that the steering gear was very vulnerable.
The voices are set in homophony on a cello in <unk> motion.
Natural selection gradually lengthened the nerve by tiny increments to accommodate , resulting in the circuitous route now observed ..
The medical board revoked his license , stating that Brinkley " has performed an organized <unk> ... quite beyond the invention of the humble mountebank " ..
The original title of the episode was " The Visitors ' Room ".
” Black felt that actions like protesting , singing , or marching for " good causes " one day could lead to supporting evil causes later on ; his sister @-@ in @-@ law explained that Black was " mortally afraid " of protesters.
The writer and director Mark Aldridge scripted the character of Peter with Nesbitt in mind to play him.
Three Zeros from Zuihō attacked the formation 's Wildcats , drawing them away from the bombers they were assigned to protect.
After Rubalcaba and Eginton had outlined the song 's bass guitar and drum parts in Mitchell 's absence ( due to now living elsewhere ) , Mitchell was allowed to improvise lead guitar over them when he was able to play with the duo ..
Seattle also has numerous commercial radio stations.
Darlington knew the automobile was becoming a big entity in the 1910s and 1920s , turning the bridge into a vehicular bridge was an important decision to make the most out of the crossing.
Tropical Storm Debby killed four people and injured 24 on St. Lucia.
Trespass to the person comes in three variants : assault , which is " to act in such a way that the claimant believes he is about to be attacked " ; battery , " the intentional and direct application of force to another person " ; and false imprisonment , " depriving the claimant of freedom of movement , without a lawful justification for doing so ".
Emily Vaughan of North by Northwestern commented that Timberlake claims to have gone around the world twice in " My Love " and " Damn Girl " and that he is also " running out of creative ways to say he would like you to go to bed with him ".
This was considered by the Soviets for some time after the 1919 coup in Afghanistan in which Amanullah Khan was instated as the Emir and the third Anglo @-@ Afghan war began.
Castles such as Windsor did not play a decisive role during the resulting Wars of the Roses ( 1455 – 85 ) , which were fought primarily in the form of pitched battles between the rival factions.
Due to Gaudí 's profoundly religious and ascetic lifestyle , the archbishop of Barcelona , Ricard Maria Carles proposed Gaudí 's beatification in 1998.
The serious nature of the environmental problems the lake has been experienced has been widely publicised and has been brought to the attention of the Supreme Court of India.
The issues in past chapters appear superficial in comparison to the life @-@ or @-@ death nature of the conflicts that the <unk> face earlier in their lives.
I was so mad , because he was making it real hard for me.
Construction on a third stretch from Lagunen to Bergen Airport , Flesland is planned to open in 2016.
At 05 : 00 , the 2nd RWF – following a friendly fire incident – assaulted Villers @-@ Outréaux and cleared the village with tank support.
To help refresh the show , several new writers were hired , including Greenstein , Joe Keenan , who also served as an executive producer , and Bob Daily , who was also a producer.
Da Porto drew on Pyramus and Thisbe , Boccacio 's Decameron , and <unk> 's Mariotto e <unk> , but it is likely that his story is also autobiographical : present as a soldier at a ball on 26 February 1511 at a residence of the Savorgnan clan in Udine , following a peace ceremony with the opposite <unk> , Da Porta fell in love with Lucina , the daughter of the house , but relationships of their mentors prevented advances.
Babangida 's 10 league goals in 1995 – 96 , made him the club 's top scorer that season.
A visiting scholar , Gilberto Bernardini , created the first photographic emulsion of a meson ..
For the next two years , she participated in the normal routine of peacetime exercises with her division and squadron and with the entire Atlantic Fleet.
Creator Matt Groening was uneasy about the idea , feeling that it could be mistranslated as actually bad sitcom writing.
In common with the lower reaches of the River Severn , the Parrett experiences a tidal bore.
In addition , technological progress , particularly in armor production techniques — first Harvey armor and then Krupp armor — rapidly rendered older vessels like Ruggiero di Lauria obsolete ..
Opining that comedy and suspense cannot be maintained effectively together , Chakrapani revealed Mary 's true identity to the audience in the film 's initial stages.
Areas around İstiklal Avenue were filled with grand European embassies and rows of buildings in Neoclassical , Renaissance Revival and Art Nouveau styles , which went on to influence the architecture of a variety of structures in Beyoğlu — including churches , stores , and theaters — and official buildings such as Dolmabahçe Palace ..
" Legend of the Sacred Sword : The New Testament " ) , is a 2003 action role @-@ playing game developed by Square Enix and Brownie Brown and published by Square Enix and Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance.
Both networks were designed and constructed independently post partition.
The doctor advises her to defeat her cravings by confronting them and the Countess becomes hopeful that her will plus Dr. Garth 's science will be strong enough to overcome Dracula 's malevolence ..
The day before he died , he named Catherine regent , since his brother and heir , Henry the Duke of Anjou , was in the Polish @-@ Lithuanian Commonwealth , where he had been elected king the year before.
Continued wind shear stripped the convection , coupled with cooler water temperatures , and early on January 3 , Bejisa weakened below tropical cyclone status.
SR 140 began as Canyon Creek Road and first appeared on a map in 1911.
Power was fully restored to Central Louisiana Electric customers by September 4.
The Romney Literary Society 's last meeting was held at Literary Hall in 1886.
In December 2014 , Airbus announced that it would reduce A330 production to nine aircraft per month from ten , because of falling orders.
Tax remissions and crop seed loans encouraged displaced peasants to return to their land.
Scharnhorst and Gneisenau rendezvoused with the heavy cruiser Admiral Hipper before proceeding to Wilhelmshaven ..
Secare calls Berube 's home office and Mulder answers , pretending to be Berube.
Joan took the southernmost path of a tropical cyclone since a June system in 1933 , although Hurricane Irene in 1971 took a path that was just north of Joan 's.
On 19 January 1918 , Yavûz and the light cruiser SMS Breslau , which had also been transferred to Ottoman service under the name Midilli , sailed from the Dardanelles to attack several British monitors stationed outside.
Wollstonecraft 's leading ambition for women was that they should attain virtue , and it was to this end that she sought their liberation ..
From 1923 , the venue was principally used for Australian rules football by the Northern Tasmanian Football Association , and for occasional inter @-@ state games.
Some visitors noted a pungent scent of latex.
Due to its vast size and range of altitudes , Argentina possesses a wide variety of climatic regions , ranging from the hot subtropical region in the north to the cold subantarctic in the far south.
Other examples are an excerpt from Alfred Newman 's score for Gunga Din ( the exploration of Xanadu ) , Roy Webb 's theme for the film Reno ( the growth of Kane 's empire ) , and bits of Webb 's score for Five Came Back ( introducing Walter Parks Thatcher ) ..
This was the first time Murray had ever gone beyond 7 – 5 in a deciding set.
The first climb was the Catsberg ; this was followed by the <unk> , the Vert Mon , the Côte du Ravel Put and the Côte de la <unk>.
The invasion of Iraq was completed about 48 hours later.
When he first became a free agent in 1996 , Howard was described as versatile enough to play all three front @-@ line positions ( small forward , power forward and center ) , and Michael Jordan praised his " game , work ethic and character ".
Pitt had two major film roles in 2004 , starring as Achilles in Troy , and making a second appearance as Rusty Ryan , in the sequel Ocean 's Twelve.
Physico @-@ Theology , for example , was explicitly subtitled " A demonstration of the being and attributes of God from his works of creation ".
In November 2004 , a Norwegian Ski Federation committee concluded that a new hill in Rødkleiva should be prioritized and that is would cost between NOK 300 and 400 million.
Dosanjh wanted to pursue an education in political science , but his father wanted him to be a doctor.
The victory gave Diarra his first major honour of his career.
Hilltop was opened to visitors in 1946 , and displayed her original artwork there until 1985.
Its land area makes Hong Kong the 167th largest inhabited territory in the world ..
He did not have a good reception this time.
Between 85 and 90 percent of the Colorado River 's discharge originates in snowmelt , mostly from the Rocky Mountains of Colorado and Wyoming.
Together with the destroyers Saskatchewan , Skeena , and Restigouche , Qu 'Appelle attacked three German patrol boats off Brest on the night of 5 – 6 July , with the German patrol boat <unk> being sunk and Qu 'Appelle lightly damaged.
Many scenes in Camelot were filmed in France at the Château de Pierrefonds , which was hand @-@ picked by the production team.
However , in March 1927 , the Old Melbourne Gaol was integrated into part of the new Emily McPherson College , and was used for educational purposes.
The 79th Infantry Regiment crossed the Song River and attacked Scarlet Beach from the west , while the 2nd Battalion , 238th Infantry Regiment , which had been detached from the 41st Division , attacked south from Gusika.
It was found in rocks of early Maastrichtian age , in the Upper Cretaceous Horseshoe Canyon Formation ( then known as the Edmonton Formation ) near Tolman Ferry on the Red Deer River in Alberta.
Once onshore , the storm quickly weakened and degenerated into a remnant low that night ..
The Spanish Government offered a C @-@ 130 Hercules containing emergency supplies to Honduras.
No troops from the Hungarian king arrived , as they were slaughtered by the Ottomans at the Battle of Mohács in 1526 , and the Venetians baulked at sending any help.
At this point , the amount of development along NY 309 drops substantially as it parallels Cayadutta Creek and heads northwestward out of the city limits.
Augustin Ehrensvärd argued for new archipelago vessels that combined firepower , maneuverability , seaworthiness , and decent crew accommodations.
The name " Yu Narukami " was first given to the character in the 2011 anime adaptation , Persona 4 : The Animation , and has since been used in official games where the character is unable to be named by the player , beginning with Persona 4 Arena.
After a brief civil war between the pro @-@ Free State forces and members of the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) who wanted any independent nation to cover the entire island the status of the Irish Free State was confirmed , and the IRA forced underground.
From 1907 , the CLR , the UERL , the C & SLR , and the Great Northern & City Railway companies began to introduce fare agreements.
Elgar 's biographer Basil Maine commented , " When Sir Arthur Sullivan died in 1900 it became apparent to many that Elgar , although a composer of another build , was his true successor as first musician of the land.
As a punishment , the children must clean a police billboard with Wiggum on it ..
" Campbell saw Green 's performance in the director 's cut of Kingdom of Heaven , and approached Green again.
While they appear more jolly than the dyer and his family , Hogarth pokes fun at these people escaping to the country for fresh air only to reproduce the smoky air and crowded conditions of the city by huddling in the busy tavern with their pipes ..
Kekkei genkai such as the Sharingan that work via the user 's eyes are called Dōjutsu ( <unk> , " eye techniques " ).
Dewes took a single from the opening over — bowled by Lindwall — and thus faced the start of the second over , which was delivered by Miller.
He appeared in several television advertisements for Nike and , during the 2007 – 08 Bundesliga season , starred in a one @-@ off television show called The Franck Ribéry Show , which aired on Direct 8 in France.
He presumed that the tour was a conscious transition for fans who did not want Cyrus to separate herself from the Hannah Montana franchise.
The Tuskegee Airmen / <unk> / is the popular name of a group of African American pilots who fought in World War II as the 332nd Fighter Group of the US Army Air Corps.
The producers were also denied a request to film at a Berlin police station by the department , citing adverse impact to the facility.
After Ned Stark ( Sean Bean ) is imprisoned following his failed attempt to arrest Joffrey ( Jack Gleeson ) and Cersei Lannister ( Lena Headey ) , the Lannisters move against the rest of the Stark household.
U @-@ 255 questioned the survivors , offered food and water , gave directions to the nearest land , and left.
Head coach Rich Kotite was fired after the season ..
Kapoor was unhurt but Chopra received scratch marks and bruises.
Andor , known as " Bandi " to his friends , was the middle child of three sons , including Imre and Jenő.
Sandy accepts such unnatural metamorphoses , which culminate in the onset of labour , with fascination ..
On 30 December 1958 , YF @-@ <unk> preproduction aircraft on order were reduced from 31 to 20 test aircraft and the first test flight was delayed from February to April 1961.
During three 50 @-@ over warm @-@ up matches , Brits claimed four wickets and scored 33 runs while opening the bowling and batting as part of the tail.
Irritation to the genitals increases risk for vaginal infections , which get worse if they go unnoticed.
It was not until December 1907 that it was possible to buy a through ticket onto the Central London Railway ( via Oxford Circus ).
Rakesh Roshan wanted Krrish to be a trendsetter in Indian cinema , with visual effects on par with Hollywood films.
Manager Dave Penney praised Burgmeier for the start he made to the club , both as a goal scorer and creator , which also helped him to play his way into the affections of the club 's supporters.
A kitsune may take on human form , an ability learned when it reaches a certain age — usually 100 years , although some tales say 50.
The only military force available to him was a small army of some 4 @,@ 000 – 5 @,@ 000 men , under Tahir ibn al @-@ Husayn.
A short skirmish involving the 1st heavy cavalry division occurred at <unk> on 10 March , before it was decided that all the heavy cavalry would be sent to the lower Vistula , where they were to rest and be reinforced ..
Cameron expanded the home significantly , almost entirely rebuilding its interior.
That same year , Heath Hooker of GameZone ranked Yuna the ninth top Final Fantasy character , calling her " one of the strongest female characters in the entire Final Fantasy franchise " and stating " the depth of character Yuna presents to the player is unfathomable and is one reason why she lands on this list.
At the Media Summit held by Nintendo during the week of May 21 , 2007 , Reggie Fils @-@ Aime said that Metroid games " never played this way before " when referring to Corruption.
These nodes are connected by a semi @-@ linear path.
In August 2012 , Paul Dini said he would not be involved in writing a sequel to Arkham City.
A 1915 law added the short distance from Smith Flat west to the east limits of Placerville to the state road ..
In the novel 's final chapters , the three storylines intersect with increasing frequency.
She went on to appear as actress Paulette Goddard in Sir Richard Attenborough 's big @-@ budget biopic of Charles Chaplin , 1992 's Chaplin.
While Master Hand is more relaxed and mature , Crazy Hand evokes the bizarre and his fingers move differently when he 's preparing for an attack.
The hairs are of equal length , and , when viewed microscopically , are seen to possess a whip @-@ like tip unlike the hairs of any other mammal ..
In May , she became a judge for the second season of the American version of The X Factor , with a reported salary of one million dollars.
Although they did not know it , by this time Huskisson was already dead ..
Echidnas can detect electric fields of 1 @.@ 8 mV / cm — 1000 times more sensitive than humans — and dig up buried batteries.
A $ 1 @.@ 4 billion Murray River coal mine project near Tumbler Ridge , operated by HD Mining International , a company majority @-@ owned by <unk> Holdings Group , a private company from China uses long @-@ wall mining in which " coal is extracted along a wall in large blocks and then carried out on a conveyor belt.
A non @-@ profit corporation operating under French law , GTL primarily focuses on graduate education , sponsored research , and an undergraduate summer program.
The young Betances received his primary education from private tutors contracted by his father , a Freemason who owned the largest private library in town.
It was primarily hunted for its blubber , oil , and baleen.
At about 0800 UTC on March 31 , Hellen made landfall on northwestern Madagascar , and the previously unfavorable conditions coupled with land interaction to induce rapid weakening.
Sporting Life predicted that , in the wake of the team 's incorporation , " everything will fall absolutely on [ Hogan 's ] shoulders ".
In late 1927 or early 1928 , there arrived at the Warsaw Customs Office from Germany a package that , according to the accompanying declaration , was supposed to contain radio equipment.
Salisbury noted that the demise of such an iconic set as The Queen Victoria left several cast members in tears ..
They lost by two runs , prompting Alan Gibson of The Times to write " So we are saying , as we have said at the end of so many seasons , ' well tried Somerset ' , and no more than that.
Aided by airdrops , the US 6th Medium Tank Battalion and the US 10th Anti @-@ Aircraft Artillery Group , the ROK 1st Infantry Division reopened the road on 27 October.
The younger ( upper ) Bidahochi contains ash and lava from volcanoes that erupted nearby and as far away as southwestern Nevada.
Smith recommended that the Canadian government investigate ways in which prostitution law in Canada might be altered to emulate Sweden 's 1999 Sex Purchase Act , which criminalizes purchasing and attempting to purchase sex in Sweden — whether in the context of brothels , massage parlors , or street prostitution.
Sony Music Entertainment released also two promotional singles in the United States : " Aun Existe Amor " and " At Last.
Bach scored the work for four vocal parts and a small Baroque instrumental ensemble of two violins , bassoon and basso continuo ..
For the next two decades he fought loyally for his brother and overlord at Tikal.
On @-@ set computer @-@ generated effects for the pilot were done by Thomas Special Effects.
The Phillies all @-@ time leader in hits , he also is second in Phillies history in stolen bases ..
Obsessed closed in US cinemas on June 14 , 2009 , having grossed $ 68 @,@ 261 @,@ 644 domestically in its eight weeks of availability , which made up 92 @.@ 5 % of its gross worldwide takings.
That is why his heart was not in the concessions he had to make in 1688.
Different reviewers then gave it a positive review , calling it a " fresh show with very different approaches.
From the Strait of Georgia , they spend three years in the open ocean following Arctic currents to Alaska and the Aleutian islands.
Election banners and posters may not be displayed in such a way that they obscure the view of other banners and posters , or within 200 metres ( 660 ft ) ( or a shorter distance if so determined by the returning officer ) of a polling station.
During the sequence of the video , more behind @-@ the @-@ scenes action is shown , before it ends with only Bieber 's silhouette shown , as his jacket is on the ground ..
Ostrow also thought Pembleton 's clashes with the new detectives was predictable ..
Humans have lived in the Table Rock area for at least 15 @,@ 000 years , based on the age of Clovis points that were discovered nearby.
Bush finally did participate in the December 6 debate from the Orpheum Theatre in Phoenix , by which time McCain was so busy campaigning in New Hampshire that he had to join via a video linkup.
Groups with predominantly altruistic members beat groups with predominantly selfish members ..
Danny Peary described The Spy Who Loved Me as " exceptional ... For once , the big budget was not wasted.
In this way an estimated 3000 metric tons of helium are generated per year throughout the lithosphere.
In 1963 Dixon left Scepter , which presaged a tailing @-@ off of the number of the Shirelles ' singles to chart.
Writing for the A.V. Club , Zack Handlen called " Ascension " an " essential " episode , adding that it serves to " raise the stakes without losing the core of the show 's appeal , and solve a technical problem in the most creatively satisfying way possible ".
The counter @-@ offensive was then called off by President Tuđman , citing pressure from the European Community for a ceasefire.
In Ireland , U2 have won 14 Meteor Awards since the awards began in 2001.
Johnson 's veto of a bill for statehood for Colorado Territory was sustained ; enough senators agreed that a district with a population of 30 @,@ 000 was not yet worthy of statehood to win the day ..
From there , running back Kevin Jones gained 12 yards and a first down on a run up the middle of the field.
He attended the association 's annual meeting in Webster Springs , July 7 – 8 , 1909 ..
He has also been asked to watch over the secret treasure of the Knights Templar which is being brought over from Jerusalem.
That year , with Carol Göbl press , he also published a devotional text , <unk> , fragment ( " Jesus , A Fragment " ).
Kinkaid was one of three admirals , the others being Spruance and Hewitt , who would have to retire or be reduced in rank to rear admiral.
For example , in an approach broadly similar to the tris ( acetone ) synthesis of <unk> tetrafluoroborate , <unk> tetrafluoroborate has been synthesised from the tris ( acetonitrile ) salt [ ( η5 @-@ C5Ph5 ) Rh ( <unk> ) 3 ] ( BF4 ) 2 by reaction with sodium cyclopentadienide :.
The Brahman is the ultimate reality and the Atman is individual self ( soul ).
<unk> felt that game 's combat was frustrating for the game 's first half , until enough resources had been obtained.
A Jurchen army led by Wuzhu invaded in early 1140.
These included 8 @,@ 921 Australian @-@ resident " enemy aliens " , while the remainder were civilians sent to Australia for internment by other Allied countries.
Bismarck was defeated and sunk in a final engagement after a three @-@ day chase by the Royal Navy.
The judge , Rudolph <unk> , said that he feared he would suffer " a nervous breakdown " during the four @-@ month trial ..
Yet although Allied forces had entered Germany , and rumours and speculation were rife about a possible invasion of Norway , the Twentieth Mountain Army almost seemed to be at a peace @-@ time status ; Böhme had complained in January that there were some units in the Army that took Sunday off as a holiday , and that he could do little to stop it ..
In a 2007 Gamasutra article on the " Platinum and Modern Ages " of computer role @-@ playing games ( CRPGs ) , Matt Barton noted contemporary reviewers ' universal praise for the game , and said , " I consider it the finest CRPG ever designed.
I have since been told — though I don 't know — that he actually bought a motorcycle two days ago ".
In response to strong demand , DC began publishing more superhero titles including Justice League of America , which prompted Marvel Comics to follow suit beginning with Fantastic Four # 1.
She is surprised by a photograph of Peggy and Archie , and is frightened to hear Phil making noises in the living room.
A tropical wave was first noted near St. Lucia at 0600 UTC on August 21 , associated with squally weather , though there were little signs of any organization.
After weaning , juveniles may form mixed @-@ sex herds ; young females may stay back with their mother , but there is hardly any interaction between the mother and daughters.
Florida wildlife officials speculate that escaped pythons have begun reproducing in an environment for which they are well @-@ suited.
One of the deepest of these canyons is known as Rampart Gorge , or Rampart Canyon.
Scudder worked as a sideshow geek for nearly a year and got to know Samson , Jonesy , Possum , Lila , Ruthie and Gabriel.
This meant that some twenty pages needed to be cut from the script ..
The deal was completed on New Year 's Eve , just hours before LeMond would have been legally obligated to ride another season for the Dutch team.
While waiting in the car during the Spinal Tap concert ( as well as the ensuing riot ) , Homer sings along to the song " Spanish Flea " by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass.
Most insects , however , lead short lives as adults , and rarely interact with one another except to mate or compete for mates.
" Entertainment Weekly 's Dan Snierson reviewed the episode positively , calling the " Imagine " performance " a classic feel @-@ good Glee moment , teeming with sappy but undeniable heart " , while Aly Semigran of MTV deemed it her favorite musical moment from the show , feeling that it : " honored the classic song in such a respectful way.
He already has learned to put more on his fast ball while his control is almost perfect.
Winds , while stronger than locals expected , did not cause significant damage.
In 2010 , Kristin Dos Santos of E ! Online ranked it number 4 on her list , " Top 20 TV Series of the Past 20 Years " ..
Pre @-@ game speculation continued about what bowl game might select Texas.
In 1934 , Polish biologist Antoni <unk> wrote <unk> polski ( Polish cochineal ) , a monograph taking into account both the insect 's biology and historical role ..
The rate of fire was 15 rounds per minute.
The pieces were sold exclusively at Opening Ceremony boutiques ( Manhattan and Los Angeles ) , Barneys ( United States ) , Colette ( Paris ) , and London 's Dover Street Market.
Advertisements have also focused on her visual appeal , such as Sega 's television commercial for Soulcalibur 's Dreamcast port.
But if anyone thinks the Catholic League is going to go ballistic over Lady Gaga 's latest contribution , they haven 't a clue about what really constitutes anti @-@ Catholicism.
Maureen Ryan of TV Squad wrote that it was " lovely to see Alan Dale playing a typically Alan Dale @-@ ian character.
At the Hidden Child Conference held in Amsterdam in 1992 , she interviewed 73 former hidden children , and with questionnaires completed by another 321 attendants , she began her research into the emotional and psychological trauma of hidden children , widening her scope to include the points of view of the children , their biological parents , their non @-@ Jewish foster parents , and their non @-@ Jewish foster siblings ..
Most of the remains were referred to a new species , I. bernissartensis , a larger and much more robust animal than the English remains had yet revealed , but one specimen was referred to the nebulous , gracile I. mantelli ( now Dollodon <unk> ).
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. executive producer Jeffrey Bell stated at the show 's 2014 PaleyFest panel that the producers and the writers are able to read the screenplays for upcoming MCU films to know where the universe is heading , which allowed them to form a general plan for the show through the end of a third season.
The MNC 's main rival was the Alliance des Bakongo ( ABAKO ) , led by Joseph Kasa @-@ Vubu , who advocated a more radical ideology than the MNC , based around calls for immediate independence and the promotion of regional identity.
During 1937 and 1938 , Romney was also president of the Washington Trade Association Executives ..
Monk calls it " a temporary suspension " and hopes to be reinstated.
On this occasion , he met future Chetnik commander Draža Mihailović for the first and only time.
Berk was even harsher : " When the show has carte blanche access to every amazing song in the history of popular music , there 's something terribly humiliating about watching the kids sing this shit tune as their finale , and do so with such desperate conviction.
Cities close to the Alabama border — including Pascagoula — experienced widespread damage to residences , schools , and businesses , and the community of Gautier was effectively isolated from the outside world.
Obesity is a public health and policy problem because of its prevalence , costs , and health effects.
Fast forward a year later and Hamels all the sudden ‘ found his game.
Lead is not an abundant element in general — its per @-@ particle abundance in the Universe is 0 @.@ 06 ppb — still , it is an order of magnitude more abundant than mercury , and further exceeds those of most other elements of similar atomic numbers.
Number 18 answers some of Jason 's questions about where she is from , where she has worked , and how long she has been working , but only on the condition that Jason pay 100 baht for each response.
The first curriculum was created in a series of five seminars , led by Lesser and attended by Sesame Street 's new creative staff and by educational and child development specialists , in 1968.
Judges Volt and Guthrie respond to Dredd 's call , but Ma @-@ Ma 's computer expert denies them entry by persuading them the security system is malfunctioning.
They are presented as part of a " master plan " that gives meaning to the subject 's life in the context of a belief system.
Once in Edmonton , he used this freight as the initial inventory of a store , the A. McDonald Company , where he entered into a partnership.
Hay 's stance endangered his hitherto sterling credentials in the Republican Party ..
Lisa starts telling everyone in the courtroom about her side of the story.
Talk of a Kinks reunion circulated ( including an aborted studio reunion of the original band members in 1999 ) , but neither Ray nor Dave Davies showed much interest in playing together again.
Each ship had a complement of 460 ( officers and enlisted men ).
The fruit bodies of the mushrooms are typically referred to as jelly babies , but other common names include the lizard tuft , the ochre jelly club , the slippery cap , the green slime fungus , and the <unk> fungus.
Described in the Guidebook , the " melodramatic stunt spectacular " was set on a " privateer ship " called the Sea Sceptre.
The game 's humor was generally lauded by reviewers.
Egg count differs by location ; the number has been as low as two and as high as five.
Interest was renewed ; by 1961 , 332 squadrons were in existence and in 1972 , authority was given for membership of up to 28 @,@ 000 cadets ..
Susan receives an offer from her landlord , Maxine Rosen ( Lainie Kazan ) , to appear on her home @-@ run erotic website — " Va @-@ Va @-@ Va @-@ Broom ! " — for which she would film herself doing housework in lingerie.
Six days later , the first schedules were published in the newspaper , slots and British permission was granted three days after that.
After the match went to a double @-@ countout , Kane chokeslammed McIntyre.
This meeting was brought about because the Imperial War Graves Commission had begun altering the layout of cemeteries containing a high percentage concentration of German dead and began replacing the existing headstones on the Commonwealth graves with the standardized Imperial War Graves Commission headstones , all without first consulting with the German Burial Service in Belgium.
SFX Magazine 's Russell Lewin gave " The Beast Below " four out of five stars , calling it " immensely satisfying ".
The ramps connecting SR 56 to I @-@ 5 were opened between 1997 and 1998 ; traffic was diverted onto Carmel Valley Road in the meantime ..
As part of promotion for the songs release as a single , an accompanying music video was shot at Venice Beach , California , and directed by Dave Meyers.
In 1831 , he signed the Federal Pact , recognizing provincial autonomy and creating the Argentine Confederation.
Above the gut and separated from the gut by mesenchyme is the rhynchocoel , a cavity which mostly runs above the midline and ends a little short of the rear of the body.
The codex originally contained the entire Pauline epistles.
The first match involved Elijah Burke , Kevin Thorn , Tommy Dreamer and Stevie Richards.
In early 2010 , a primary challenge from radio talk show host and former U.S. Congressman J. D. Hayworth materialized in the 2010 U.S. Senate election in Arizona and drew support from some but not all elements of the Tea Party movement.
That day , the system moved over Socotra as it reached an area of cooler water temperatures.
Really , I know it sounds silly , but it is those little things that makes girls think it 's possible.
Well @-@ executed evacuations and warnings limited the death toll to six , while damage amounted to $ 305 @.@ 8 million ( 1998 USD , $ 409 @.@ 8 million 2009 USD ).
The first tethered flight took place at Dunsfold Aerodrome on the 21 October and free flight hover was achieved on 19 November , after which the first publicity photos were released.
The facial nerve ( seventh cranial nerve ) is affected occasionally – - the result is total or partial weakness of the muscles of facial expression on one or both sides of the face ..
In the episode " Mash Off " , Rachel abruptly withdraws from the race for senior class president in favor of Kurt after she realizes he might not get into NYADA with her if he doesn 't win.
The battle began on 20 September ; Essex 's army was roused before dawn , and initial reports stated he had gone " from regiment to regiment ... [ putting ] the question of a battle unto them ".
There is no observed negative effect on tactile perception when a raccoon stands in water below 10 ° C ( 50 ° F ) for hours ..
The Great Depression in the 1930s led to cuts in production , with exports particularly hard hit ..
Summer squash have a thin , edible skin.
Every day they would awake at 4 a.m. , fly until 11 a.m , then visit some of the farms , mines , and native settlements Meader planned to photograph the following day ..
In Herodotus 's account , Miltiades is keen to attack the Persians ( despite knowing that the Spartans are coming to aid the Athenians ) , but strangely , chooses to wait until his actual day of command to attack.
In developed countries the number of cases a year has decreased in children and increased among the elderly between the 1970s and 2003.
Karin Jeanette Harmon guesses in " Double Parody Equals Anti @-@ Parody " that Dostoyevsky mixes the parody of the sentimental epistolary novel with the parody of the naturalistic sketch of the clerk.
Her stylist , Alex Foden , borrowed her " instantly recognisable " beehive hairdo ( a weave ) and she borrowed her Cleopatra makeup from The Ronettes.
Many players and observers believed Martin was Watson 's uncle , leading to Martin 's schoolyard nickname of " Uncle Ed.
Hershiser had pitched a 33 2 ⁄ 3 @-@ inning scoreless streak in 1984 , eventually joining Gaylord Perry and Luis Tiant as the only pitchers between 1963 and 2014 with at least two streaks of this length.
Samuel Frederick Gray called it the " four @-@ cut shell @-@ puff " in his 1821 The Natural Arrangement of British Plants , but the name was not adopted by subsequent authors.
Restoration began in the mid @-@ 1970s , and the building was reopened in 1985.
As in the male , feathers on the side of the crown may be suffused with a dull orange , and this may also occur with breast feathers.
Contemporary works on Flammen and Citron have been scarce.
Despite the events of the previous night the Australians still held the road , while D Company continued to occupy the former Chinese strongpoint on Hill 63 , even if it was isolated from the rest of the battalion.
They often had peels of bells or clock towers and the aspect of a fortress.
Although a triple turret was first proposed in American professional magazines in 1901 and briefly considered for the South Carolinas , it was not even in the experimental stage — the first turret was authorized in 1911 and would not be ready until months after contracts for the new ships would be signed with the shipbuilders.
It was 34 feet ( 10 m ) tall and 3 @.@ 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 1 m ) thick on the lake side , 3 feet ( 0 @.@ 91 m ) thick on the top , and 2 feet ( 0 @.@ 61 m ) thick toward land.
The ensuing flood of the Santa Cruz River and its tributaries produced a path of destruction about 100 miles ( 160 km ) long and up to 8 miles ( 13 km ) wide.
<unk> rats have greater risk of heat exhaustion , poor bowel and bladder control , falling from heights , and can be at risk for life @-@ threatening deformities in the pelvic region like hind leg paralysis and megacolon.
These wards have 21 out of the 63 seats on the Trafford Council ; as of the 2014 local elections fifteen of these seats were held by the Conservative Party , three by the Labour Party , and three by the Liberal Democrats.
The depression strengthened as it moved to the northwest and became a deep depression the next day , when it was 150 km ( 93 mi ) southeast of Calcutta.
Writing in 1833 , before the church was closed , the antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described St Michael 's as " a spacious and ancient structure.
The hoist frames were mounted on top of each pylon.
The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords Adventures , released as The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords + ( Japanese : ゼルダの伝説 <unk> + , Hepburn : Zeruda no Densetsu : <unk> no <unk> + ) in Japan , is the eleventh installment in Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda series.
The songs and calls of antbirds are generally composed of repeated simple uncomplicated notes.
Cary told The Guardian that the push had caused a haemorrhage to Tomlinson 's abdomen , and the haemorrhage caused him to collapse.
During the next two years , Maxwell wrote and recorded over three hundred songs and played frequently at small venues throughout New York City.
John W. Bowen of the Belleville Intelligencer said he enjoyed the " camp " style of the film , adding , " It 's both inexplicable and sad this brain @-@ damaged yet fiercely determined little drive @-@ in bottom feeder never garnered more than a tiny cult following over the years ".
The dendritic cell moves to the nearest lymph node.
In January 1140 , he fortified the Isle of Ely , but was soon besieged and forced to flee.
Kafka 's last lover , Dora Diamant ( later , <unk> @-@ <unk> ) , also ignored his wishes , secretly keeping 20 notebooks and 35 letters.
Ultimately , the New York City architecture firm of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates was hired to lead the hotel 's rehabilitation and expansion.
Author Susan McClary in Culture / power / history reviewed the song saying that , it was more upbeat than previous single " Live to Tell " and " the play with closure in ' Open Your Heart ' creates the image of open ended jouissance — an erotic energy that continually escapes containment ".
She played the part of Neena Walia , an erstwhile superstar — referred to in the film as " a crocodile in a chiffon saree " — who struggles to launch her young daughter in the movie business.
Playful individuals will perk their ears and rise on their hind legs.
Academic interest in the property grew , with publications in the 1950s and 1960s exploring its artistic and architectural value.
His performance in Moscow 1935 at age 66 was hailed as " a biological miracle.
Lepidoptera species which overwinter in the egg stage usually have larger eggs than the species that do not.
Normand Carrey received education as a medical doctor and specialized in psychiatry.
Beyond <unk> , the river slows down into a wider , deeper channel.
A week before the film 's release , pre @-@ release trackings in North America ( United States and Canada ) showed that the film was on pace to earn between $ 40 – 50 million the its opening weekend from 3 @,@ 826 theaters ..
Audun Sorlie of Original Sound Version stated that the concert " exceeded all expectations " and further added that the event was " absolutely amazing ".
Many of the processes designed to remove fission products in reprocessing plants aim at cationic species such as caesium ( e.g. , caesium @-@ 137 ) and strontium ( e.g. , strontium @-@ 90 ).
For Robert Wakefield 's story , Soderbergh used tungsten film with no filter for a cold , monochrome blue feel.
" They added that the " stereotyped Olympic Committee debate " at the beginning of the episode is " marvellous " , and concluded by describing the episode as " terrific ".
It was recognised that transition from the harsh life as a captive to normal life may be difficult for some , and the Reception Group provided much needed support for these individuals.
" The second match given this score was the main event between Kurt Angle and Christian Cage for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.
In March 2000 , India participated in a triangular series with South Africa and Pakistan.
Thus , B @-@ 17 Flying Fortress heavy bombers were now used to air drop supplies to the American troops around the Sea Horse ..
On January 11 , Spinks ( with a high run of 51 ) beat former amateur champion and then @-@ pro Calvin Demarest , 250 – 199 , in only 15 innings – despite scoring 0 points in 4 innings and only 1 @-@ point in another – by building several solid runs in the innings in which things went his way.
Professor Oak tells Ash there is one more Pokémon , a Pikachu.
The second was the insertion of irregular forces behind Japanese front @-@ lines in February which , by the end of April , had achieved mixed results ..
" During this time , both Shields and Butcher became affected with tinnitus , and had to delay recording for a further number of weeks while they recovered.
In April 1904 the Senate formed a committee to investigate alleged contempt of Parliament by Hutton , which found that Neild had not been intimidated.
She was named after her paternal great @-@ grandmother , who was born Princess Elisabeth of Prussia.
Since she took part in the Rev. Moon 's Unification Church mass marriage in Seoul in August , it is said that her commercial contracts have evaporated.
Much of the local political discussion has been about building a stadium , beginning in the 1990s when a Maryland location was chosen for the what is now FedEx Field.
Uniquely for a Bond novel , Moonraker is set entirely in Britain , which raised comments from some readers , complaining about the lack of exotic locations ..
The byway mostly follows Federal Forest Highway 42 ( FFH 42 ) through Chippewa County in the Upper Peninsula.
The eardrum is the transducer between the acoustic waves in air in the ear canal and the mechanical vibrations in the bones of the middle ear.
Julie Richardson writing for Orange U.K. said she " loved a good TV scrap " and the serial had " a corker " with Becky and Kylie 's fight which took place in 2011.
The shipping line wanted a vessel that would improve on their earlier ferry <unk> , which had also been built by Denny 's.
Sometime between Michaelmas 1178 and the start of 1179 , Reginald retired from public life and became a monk at Lewes Priory , which had been founded by his family.
Violations of the protocol 's provisions would be discussed and reviewed by the commission.
In the paper , Heisenberg formulated quantum theory , avoiding the concrete , but unobservable , representations of electron orbits by using parameters such as transition probabilities for quantum jumps , which necessitated using two indexes corresponding to the initial and final states.
Adults generally avoid predators through their hidden lifestyle but are sometimes eaten by herons and other birds , snakes such as the grass snake , and mammals such as shrews , badgers and hedgehogs.
New York 's pennant placed them in the 2000 World Series against the cross @-@ town Mets , the first Subway Series in 44 years.
The band used drop C tuning ; Ulrich 's snare drum received particular criticism.
George Hincapie had a frame featuring a 2 mm <unk> insert at the top of the seat stays.
The Blue Route passes through suburban areas , while the Northeast Extension predominantly runs through rural areas of mountains and farmland , with development closer to Philadelphia and in the Lehigh Valley and the Wyoming Valley.
In the book Rock ' n ' Roll Gold Rush which contains information about various artists and their singles , author Maury Dean said that the song as a " masterwork of simplicity interwoven with secret complexity " adding that " on one hand , it 's just a basic <unk> ditty , with four basic chords.
They left Hamburg for Leipzig , where he hoped to work with Heisenberg.
Weinberg returned to the show on August 3 , after flying back from a Springsteen show that had ended early into the same morning in Spain.
" Many early songs reached the public through more palatable versions by other performers , such as Joan Baez , who became Dylan 's advocate as well as his lover.
The museum also displays paintings of local scenes and objects including a clock made by John Bilbie of the Bilbie family , who lived in Axbridge , and a merchants ' table known as a " nail " , similar to those outside The Exchange in Bristol which were made with a flat top and raised edges to prevent coins from tumbling onto the pavement ..
She trusted him entirely and he trusted her.
Johnson began thinking of life after basketball while still playing with the Lakers.
It immediately took over Andøya Rocket Range and TSS followed suit in 1990.
" Prophets of War " was written by James LaBrie , who based the lyrics loosely on Joseph C. Wilson 's book The Politics of Truth.
Chow plays the assassin Ah Jong , who accidentally damages the eyes of the singer Jennie ( Sally Yeh ) during a shootout.
Pathan also played for the Delhi Daredevils the Indian Premier League in 2012 , taking only 8 wickets from 17 matches with an average of 58 @.@ 12.
However , the legislature further enacted in the bill , " that each city , borough , and incorporated town , shall be a school district , separate and distinct from the township school district ".
In the meantime , at WrestleMania V , she sang " America the Beautiful " to open the show.
In winning the 100 @-@ meter backstroke , Peirsol became the first person to swim the event in under 52 seconds and it was the sixth time he set the world record in the event.
The cover of Sonny & Cher 's 1967 single " The Beat Goes On " is influenced by bossa nova and trip hop , and features a similar sound to spy movies themes ..
The Amazing Nina Simone is an independent film directed by Jeff L. Lieberman and is also scheduled for release in 2015.
However , unexpected movement of the car 's aerodynamic centre of pressure made its handling unpredictable and the new engine was unreliable.
The report on the disaster indicated that with the signals concerned being on the right hand side of the train , it was necessary , because of the limited visibility from the left hand side of a steam locomotive , for either the fireman to observe those signals ( but with the driver being responsible for asking him to do so ) or for the driver to cross over the footplate from his left hand driving position to observe them from the other side.
Many major editorial pages and columnists have been sympathetic to the supporters of the Jena Six.
In Normandy , the speed of the polecat 's decline has somewhat decreased.
It took over a year for Irish and Italian laborers to carve out a 15 @-@ mile roadbed from <unk> to Cimarron , costing a staggering $ 165 @,@ 000 a mile.
It has been suggested that this shelduck may be a nocturnal feeder.
After retiring from football in 1957 , he pursued a number of business ventures in Canada including a beverage distributorship and a well regarded Steakhouse restaurant.
The Simpsons writer George Meyer came up with the idea of The Leftorium when the writers were trying to figure out what Ned 's failed business would be.
Drivers inside a parked CMV who are not in the sleeper berth must log it as on @-@ duty ..
He said that the episode took 30 Rock in the " right direction " with a good story structure and a " successful effort at developing its characters ".
The 1975 – 76 season did not start well , as Liverpool lost 2 – 0 to Queens Park Rangers in their first match.
Learning from a runner that the Phocians had not held the path , Leonidas called a council of war at dawn.
Dore was noted as particularly elegant , and was actively involved in local matters in Ramsgate , where the family lived.
Once in the Indian Ocean , this system struck southeastern India without causing much damage.
Few tasks were left to complete when the 1977 construction season began.
Little was changed on Ben Hawkins ' side except for the addition of the cootch ( striptease ) Dreifuss family ; a Carnivàle consultant had elated the producers by calling attention to his research about families managing cootch shows in the 1930s.
The Last Story is an action role @-@ playing game ( <unk> ) incorporating elements of tactical and stealth gameplay.
The conflict came to an end in 1787 when Andrianampoinimerina exiled his uncle ; varying sources report that shortly afterward Andrianjafy either died in exile or was killed by Andrianampoinimerina 's followers ..
In February 1917 , a German @-@ born Canadian soldier deserted to the German side and helped confirm many of the suspicions held by the Germans , providing them with a great deal of useful information.
However , Robert Zak of WhatCulture ! commended the film 's " strong supporting cast " , saying that Lennon and Blumenfeld " provid [ ed ] constant amusement " ..
The Ferreiras were introduced in 2003 as the first Asian family in EastEnders since Sanjay ( Deepak Verma ) and Gita Kapoor ( Shobu Kapoor ) , who both departed from the show in 1998.
Ludvig <unk> <unk> exclaimed that a person whom Koht wanted to study , the farmer @-@ politician John G. <unk> , was a " crook ... oh well , <unk> sua <unk> <unk> ".
At around the same time , rumors began circulating about the possibility of Islands of Adventure adding a Van Helsing @-@ themed ride using this technology.
The precursor to the storm produced heavy rainfall across Jamaica that caused a deadly flood event ..
The circulation continued generally west @-@ southwestward until dissipating on October 5 to the north of Rodrigues island ..
In GT1 the No. 008 <unk> Aston Martin took the class lead on the final lap with a 3 : 50 @.@ 761.
The following month , the ship came to the aid of the torpedoed battleship Barham off the Butt of Lewis on 28 December ..
Around 1570 , the 4th Earl of Morton rebuilt the block , extending it further south to form new apartments.
Shoemaker also noticed the frame rate had been mostly corrected since the first , making the game more fluid ..
One potential explanation is his general courtesy to a member of his extended family ; another is that he was starting to consider how to end the war peacefully , and saw this as a way of building a relationship with Henry ..
Passenger pigeons were also seen as agricultural pests , since entire crops could be destroyed by feeding flocks.
Committed to a series of desperate counterattacks against the United States Army XV Corps , on one occasion Raithel 's regiment infiltrated the American positions , surrounding five US infantry companies and taking 450 prisoners of war.
Hughes secured an armbar at the end of round one , but Lytle was saved by the bell.
Scholars have interpreted this to mean that Banquo has been dreaming of murdering the king.
In the video there are also black @-@ white scenes showing Rihanna touching to a stone wall ..
In the general election that followed in 1991 , no NCMP seats were offered because four opposition members were successful in their respective electoral divisions , and thus the number of opposition MPs exceeded the three allotted NCMP seats ..
In a conference call interview , Pinkner and Wyman further described the episode as " pretty fantastic " because " it 's one of our most cinematic episodes ".
That this was the worst time of the year for campaigning on Leyte was not overlooked.
Hosoda cited his influence of using a family as the basis of the film from his marriage and from attending several film festivals ..
He did well in his studies , and excelled in sports , playing shortstop on the Army baseball team and guard on the Army Black Knights ' basketball squad.
Further tests included the explosion of several Type 8 torpedoes filled with 300 – 346 kg ( 660 – 760 lbs ) of picric acid within Tosa 's designed magazine for them , which was located forward of the first turret and had been considered a weak point in previous battleship designs.
Studies have shown that many children who use AAC have literacy experiences that are reduced quality , quantity , and opportunity at home and at school as compared to children without disabilities.
The album , as a whole , demonstrated Morrison 's songwriting abilities , combined with his poetic phrasing and enthusiasm for Los Angeles , and a desire to leave the city with his partner , Pamela <unk>.
The album was Wednesday 13 's first production released in a dual CD / DVD format , and the first time he had released a recording of a complete live concert show.
Other visual enhancements include smoother character animations and sharper , perspective @-@ corrected textures for the 3D models.
Mandela praised the Commission 's work , stating that it " had helped us move away from the past to concentrate on the present and the future " ..
The priory received substantial financial support from its patrons ; in 1381 William , Lord Latimer provided funds to complete the north nave and donated £ 333 6s 8d ( roughly equivalent to £ 1 @.@ 6 million today ) for a new belfry.
At 26 years old , Danny is described as an intelligent but timid " politics geek " who should have moved on from researching at his age.
The pine marten which has had the occasional sighting , has not been officially recorded since the 1950s.
A group of Red Cross volunteers and medical supplies were sent on American aircraft.
There 's an attention to detail in the visuals and sound design that pushes it up several notches above most kiddie fare.
This meant that Hassett had to be replaced by a spare bowler who was already in the squad.
Certainly , the Song of Dermot and the Earl relates that Ascall ( " <unk> de <unk> " ) had abandoned his former overlord , and the Annals of Inisfallen specify that Mac Murchada was only <unk> from Ireland after the Leinstermen and Dubliners had turned against him.
As of 2010 , Caterpillar Inc. was the 229th largest company in the world ..
Its specific epithet is derived from a variant of the Greek word <unk> ( <unk> , " hook @-@ nosed " ).
Some of the graphic capabilities of BioShock were also criticised by players.
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis ; this may occur upon the first known ingestion.
Musically , the song is in the style of zydeco.
In May and June 2003 , Konnan began teaming with B.G. James and Ron Killings , and in July 2003 the trio formed a heroic alliance known as the 3Live Kru.
In the interwar period , a simplified image of Szczerbiec wrapped three times in a white @-@ and @-@ red ribbon was adopted as a symbol of Polish nationalist organizations led by Roman Dmowski – the Camp of Great Poland ( Obóz <unk> Polski ) , the National Party ( Stronnictwo Narodowe ) , and the All @-@ Polish Youth ( <unk> <unk> ).
Laird writes that Altan Khan abolished the native Mongol practices of shamanism and blood sacrifice , while the Mongol princes and subjects were coerced by Altan to convert to Gelug Buddhism — or face execution if they persisted in their shamanistic ways.
A large set of steps leads to the main doors of the rotunda building.
However , Star Wars : Dark Forces added several technical features that Doom lacked , such as the ability to crouch or look up and down , Apogee 's Duke Nukem 3D , released in 1996 , was " the last of the great , sprite @-@ based shooters " winning acclaim for its humor based around stylised machismo as well as its gameplay.
Many mills were refloated at valuations of up to £ 500 @,@ 000 ( £ 20 @,@ 720 @,@ 000 as of 2016 ) , or five times what they had cost to build before the war , resulting in the town being nicknamed " The Golden City " as the scramble for shares intensified.
In Shadow the Hedgehog Amy appears at a castle level to ask Shadow to help her find Cream , who has not returned.
<unk> " slave , servant " ( cf.
Despite this fact , the route officially continues northwestward toward downtown Rochester ..
Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney finished in a virtual tie for first place with 25 % each , although Ron Paul had ultimately won Iowa at the Republican National Convention gathering 22 delegates to Mitt Romney 's 5.
Some individual fungal colonies can reach extraordinary dimensions and ages as in the case of a clonal colony of Armillaria solidipes , which extends over an area of more than 900 ha ( 3 @.@ 5 square miles ) , with an estimated age of nearly 9 @,@ 000 years ..
Parliamentarian losses were also heavy , although unknown , and the battle did give Chester some respite.
Author Robert Rodriguez describes " The Day the World Gets ' Round " as both " an expression of gratitude to all the good hearts that had contributed to the success [ of the Bangladesh benefits ] " , and a " stinging indictment " of governments who had the power to help but instead " turned their backs when it suited their ends to do so ".
For example , if an Android phone visits a website shortly after a desktop PC from the same home network , Tapad will assess that there is a high probability that the two devices are operated by the same person and will show them similar ads on both devices.
Eventually , they attached Darren Aronofsky to direct Hayter 's script.
Murray and Djokovic met again in 2012 at the London 2012 Olympic Games , with Murray winning in straight sets.
Pteranodon ( / <unk> / ; from Greek πτερόν ( " wing " ) and <unk> ( " toothless " ) is a genus of pterosaurs which included some of the largest known flying reptiles , with wingspans over 6 metres ( 20 ft ).
The Safety of Life at Sea ( SOLAS ) and Load Line ( LL 66 ) conventions focus on shipboard safety issues.
The business had been established on the basis that the cemetery would handle between 10 @,@ 000 and 50 @,@ 000 burials per year , but the number never exceeded 4 @,@ 100 and over its first 20 years of operations averaged just 3 @,@ 200.
At the time , messenger boys were not permitted to carry any personal cash in the course of their duties , to prevent their own money being mixed with that of the customers.
The others include the soundtrack to his film UHF ( 1989 ) and Poodle Hat ( 2003 ).
It was the longest running South Indian film , until its record was overtaken the Telugu film Magadheera ( 2009 ) , which completed a theatrical run of 1000 days in April 2012 ..
As of April 2013 , Nielsen SoundScan estimates actual sales of the album at 2 @,@ 774 @,@ 000 in the United States.
It is 8 @,@ 954 base pairs in length.
Inker also says that risk parity requires too much leverage to produce the same expected returns as conventional alternatives.
New additions in defence ahead of the season 's start included goalkeeper Paul Musselwhite from Lincoln City and defender Lanre Oyebanjo from Histon.
Deddington Castle was confirmed in the ownership of the de Dive family , who held it for the next century and a half.
The game was re @-@ released for the Wii in 2009 as part of the New Play Control ! collection of titles , featuring GameCube games with added Wii controls.
" Disheartened and convinced he would be unable to write again , Drake decided to retire from music.
According to him , " Short Term Shaadi was just a working title that attached itself to this film through the making.
The Nostrovite reveals herself and is chased away by Jack , escaping through a window ..
( The crew continued to set up Harsch 's keyboards and placed a human @-@ sized inflatable green alien in his spot.
The flight recorder was recovered by investigators on Thursday , June 10 , 1971 , and sent to Washington D.C. for analysis.
While performing the duties of his employment he liked to whistle and sing.
He said , " You tell me what to do.
With the club still unable to sign new players due to administration in May 2012 , Adams offered contracts to 16 of his players for the 2012 – 13 campaign.
<unk> , located in the southeast , is the second @-@ largest lake.
Eggs are accepted if reshaped with plasticine or coloured yellow ( but not red or blue ).
On June 2 , 2016 , Beck released a new single titled " Wow " along with a lyric video of the song.
Edward 's relationship with Simpson further weakened his poor relationship with his parents.
It pretty much wiped out every employee 's savings plan.
His tenure as CGS expired in August 2008 and he was succeeded for the last time by Sir David Richards.
Leonard has said that his character and House were originally intended to play roles similar to Dr. Watson and Sherlock Holmes , respectively , in the series although he believes that House 's team has assumed the role of Watson since the show has begun.
Local employment opportunities being scarce , she left Chard in 1887 , at the age of 14 , to begin an apprenticeship at a draper 's shop in Hove , near Brighton ..
This had a number of effects on the Society : first , the Society 's membership became almost entirely scientific , with few political Fellows or patrons.
In June 1998 , the group released No Sleep ' till Bedtime , a live album containing songs performed at a 1997 performance at the HiFi Bar and Ballroom in Melbourne , Australia.
National Rail services link the Altrincham and Navigation Road stations with Chester via Northwich , and with Manchester via Stockport.
In 2010 , these " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War " were commemorated with a bronze plaque erected along the memorial pathway at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu.
Significant controversy followed the decision , as it was doubted if the producers had made the right choice.
He insisted to Cushing that they not be published or widely circulated , because he was not " at liberty to make the letters public.
Some volcanoes exhibit lateral and fissure eruptions.
Ponticelli was survived by at least one child , his then @-@ 78 @-@ year @-@ old daughter , Janine <unk> ..
In 1639 the new Tokugawa regime of Japan shut down most of its foreign trade with European powers , cutting off another source of silver coming into China.
His sister Elisabeth died during childhood ..
However , the fact that the city is a megalopolis with over 18 million people drawing water from underground sources has caused water tables to drop , and the sinking to accelerate during the latter half of the 20th century.
The group played several house shows and recorded one 4 @-@ track demo before disbanding in late 1985.
Herman Melville was born in New York City in 1819.
The idea of Ms. Ellen taking one of the children to dinner came from Parker 's real @-@ life experiences.
The Earth contains approximately 1 @.@ 33 × 1050 atoms.
On 19 May , 42 @,@ 000 Turks launched an attack at Anzac in an effort to push 17 @,@ 000 Australians and New Zealanders " back into the sea ".
She saw heavy action during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916 as part of the screen for the main battle fleet.
The players marched out to the rink for the game to loud cheers , and accompanied by the song " Cowards Don 't Play Hockey ".
The finale of his Second Symphony , nicknamed the Little Russian , was also received enthusiastically by the group on its first performance in 1872 ..
By 1858 , Mint authorities found the piece unsatisfactory in production.
How can you work two weeks and feel like you need a vacation already ? ".
The first works of fiction based in the Star Trek universe were the Star Trek comic books , which began publication in 1967.
" Some Kind of Bliss " was included on the set list for her 1998 concert tour Intimate and Live.
The villagers of Ap Bo were again used by the Viet Cong to carry many of the dead and wounded from the battlefield with ox carts , and they also suffered a number of casualties from artillery and mortar fire landing in the area.
Most countries issuing passports did not require their carry , thus people could travel freely without them.
With the exception of one year when the toolbox was held in Boulder , Colorado , the toolbox has been held at the University of Oregon in Eugene.
Occurring in the Pacific Northwest and California floristic provinces of North America , A. ocreata associates with oak trees.
" BAE Systems is indirectly engaged in production of nuclear weapons – through its 37 @.@ 5 % share of MBDA it is involved with the production and support of the ASMP missile , an air @-@ launched nuclear missile which forms part of the French nuclear deterrent.
In total , before his injury , he took 65 wickets at 18 @.@ 23 in 1923.
In October 1964 , the portion of I @-@ 8 between Imperial Avenue in El Centro to SR 111 appeared in the state budget.
Although the most powerful individual in the Roman Empire , Augustus wished to embody the spirit of Republican virtue and norms.
A new flight to Conakry was launched on 8 May 1963 ( 1963 @-@ 05 @-@ 08 ).
Cena made his WWE television debut on the June 27 , 2002 episode of SmackDown ! by answering an open challenge by Kurt Angle.
The Roman encyclopedist Celsus , in his De Medicina of ca.
Writers were allowed to return to work on the same day.
Until Ford 's death , Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , visited the Fords ' home frequently.
They are frequently intercepted by quarantine authorities , often among steel or car shipments.
As Moskal writes , " the obvious inference is that they are literary versions of lost private epistles to Fanny Godwin " , Mary Shelley 's stepsister who remained in England and with whom she corresponded during the journey.
Martins of Spin stated that the track finds Mars channeling " the King of Pop with a markedly more reverent aplomb ".
Her employees included the wives of soldiers pressed into service for Charles II and gentlewomen who had supported the Cavalier cause during the English Civil War and had since fallen on hard times.
In turn , he insisted that the Bolsheviks split completely with the Mensheviks , although many Bolsheviks refused and both groups attended the 3rd RSDLP Congress , held in London in April 1905.
The NHC noted that due to the large size of the overall system , the center of Erika could reform elsewhere and restrengthen.
Twenty @-@ five shots had been fired , mostly at close range.
In Kilner 's final County Championship match , he scored 91 not out and took eight wickets , including five for 21 in the second innings , helping Yorkshire to a nine wicket victory.
" Los Angeles Times staff writer August Brown ranked the mixtape number two on her top albums list and wrote that it " cemented " his reputation , while citing Clams Casino 's beats as " some of the year ’ s most imaginative , evocative hip @-@ hop productions.
Glenn Close is up to the material , but her supporting cast is uniformly disastrous.
Todd Flanders watches a television show that features Gomer Pyle from Gomer Pyle , <unk> .. Bart sees the fictional movie Ernest Needs A Kidney , based on the character Ernest P. Worrell.
The Dominican Air Force also assisted in transporting injured people from outlying areas to Santo Domingo.
The Iron Age ruins include several different types of structure including a broch and a defensive wall around the site.
Astley Moss is crossed by the Astley Brook and Moss Brook , tributaries to the Glaze Brook and the River Mersey ..
Unlike Afghanistan and Iraq , the intervention in Sierra Leone was widely regarded as successful.
Additional reinforcements over the next two months increased the number of US troops at Lunga Point on Guadalcanal to more than 20 @,@ 000 ..
He was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in November 1984.
Naka 's original prototype was a platform game that involved a fast @-@ moving character rolling in a ball through a long winding tube , and this concept was subsequently fleshed out with Oshima 's character design and levels conceived by designer Hirokazu Yasuhara.
Writer and series creator Chris Carter decided that rather than trying to present a typical Bigfoot @-@ like creature , he would present the Jersey Devil as a missing link.
The soldiers keenly listen to a World Cup match between England and Portugal on the radio.
Those made from carton can provide protection from the rain , and in fact can withstand high precipitation.
Saunders was found to be an acceptable candidate and posted to an officer training unit in Seymour , Victoria.
All three runs in the inning were charged as unearned on Hoyt , due to the two Yankee errors ..
" Will Hermes , writing in Spin , called it " trip @-@ hop 's crowning achievement ".
An attorney for the band members stated they were treated at a hospital for injuries received during the attack ..
Machias returned home in December , and in February Kinkaid resumed his ordnance studies and went to Bausch & Lomb in Rochester , New York , where he studied the manufacture of spotting and fire control systems.
Vanguard 's design was revised again , while the ship was under construction in 1942 , to reflect lessons learned from the loss of the King George V @-@ class battleship Prince of Wales and operations with the other battleships.
Edward then sent two envoys – Langton and Henry Lacy – to the pope , to press his claim that Winchelsey was plotting against him.
The hurricane devastated the islands of <unk> , Kauaʻi , and Oʻahu with wind gusts exceeding 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) and rough seas exceeding 30 feet ( 9 m ) in height.
Total damage in the United States reached $ 900 @,@ 000 ..
Renewables producing electricity accounted for almost half of the 208 GW of capacity added globally during 2011.
Cases brought under Rylands v Fletcher now have a requirement that the harm was foreseeable , but it was not defined whether or not it was sufficient that it be foreseeable that harm could occur , or that it be foreseeable that the use of land is " non @-@ natural " , that the substance be capable of doing " mischief " , and all the other requirements of Rylands.
Nine @-@ year @-@ old Mao Mao , a mother of five at the breeding center , was discovered on Monday , her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure.
By the 10th and 11th centuries , much larger churches and monastery buildings were being built , featuring square and circular towers after the contemporary European fashion.
One theory is that it originated in France , stating that the Duc de Noailles at the time of the French Revolution gave his kennel of prized spaniels to the Duke of Newcastle at Clumber Park in Nottinghamshire.
The 3D world of Super Mario 64 was a major inspiration for Banjo @-@ Kazooie , as Rare intended to combine it with the look of Donkey Kong Country.
40 @-@ Hour Week was one of Alabama 's most popular albums , crossing over in the pop album charts.
HMS Esk was an E @-@ class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the early 1930s.
Such a group of cells with identical specificity towards the epitope is known as a clone , and is derived from a common " mother " cell.
The newly formed team were beaten 5 – 0 ..
No devastating tornado has ever touched down in Davenport.
Oxford was an important courtier poet , praised as such and as a playwright by George <unk> and Francis Meres , who included him in a list of the " best for comedy amongst us ".
Against Houston , Manning passed for 320 yards and 2 TDs while leading 5 consecutive scoring drives in a 33 – 27 victory , the third in a row for the Colts.
There were extensive heaths and wild places , largely uninhabited , with " no industrial smoke , nothing faster on the roads than a horse , no incessant noises from the sky ".
Boston is a printing and publishing center — Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is headquartered within the city , along with Bedford @-@ St. Martin 's Press and Beacon Press.
In an interview years later , Ford said he had intended to imply that the Soviets would never crush the spirits of eastern Europeans seeking independence.
In a parliamentary speech on 28 February 2008 , Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng said that the Government had adjusted its policies in relation to various types of expression.
While this crisis brewed in Massachusetts , the ascendant Duke of Newcastle successfully pressured Prime Minister Robert Walpole to declare war on Spain in 1739.
The autographs of Nolte and Hannah were lost , as the bar 's manager explained , " the crack went right through their signatures.
The ratio between the planet 's mass and its host star 's mass is well @-@ constrained , but a large interval of uncertainty exists because the host star 's mass is known within a large confidence interval that spans the mass of all red dwarf stars ..
The trail passes through the towns of Dalton and Cheshire , and summits the highest point in the state at 3 @,@ 491 feet ( 1 @,@ 064 m ) , Mount Greylock.
A dissatisfied and despairing Kratos tried to commit suicide , but was saved by Athena , who guided him to Olympus.
In 1809 , Napoleon I of France arrived at Schönbrunn Palace to play the Turk.
The Daily Chronicle echoed these sentiments with " Young Lionheart of the Air ".
One way to interpret the clause is by the <unk> view.
Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust provides healthcare to people ( primarily adults ) throughout Sheffield and South Yorkshire.
During the pre @-@ chorus Madonna sings the line , " Always a bridesmaid , never the bride " , followed by " I 'll throw you some rope , if it 'll give you hope.
Venter has circumnavigated the globe and thoroughly explored the West Coast of the United States , and completed a two @-@ year expedition to explore the Baltic , Mediterranean and Black Seas.
Page Kennedy reported that he was considered for a part on the show , but rejected it for the role of Caleb Applewhite on the second season of the ABC drama Desperate Housewives.
Early phylogenetic analyses split aetosaurs into two subfamilies , Aetosaurinae and Desmatosuchinae.
The association planted shrubs and trees in the same area to stabilize the creek 's banks in 2008 , and in September 2010 replaced more than 1 @,@ 500 feet ( 460 m ) of fence with a less visible version.
The vice president of Ferris Aircraft and a long @-@ time love interest of Hal Jordan.
McWilliams was loaned out to Northern Premier League Premier Division team Whitby Town for one month.
The circle in the middle of the station model represents cloud cover.
He later had surgery to repair a left ankle injury that hampered him during spring training.
Newcomer placed the platforms to optimize Pfutzenrueter 's enemy artificial intelligence ( AI ) , which factors attack patterns based partly on platform placements.
Once the new replacement bridges are built , the old bridges will be demolished.
Biographer Louis Fischer described him as " a lover of radical change and maximum upheaval " , a man for whom " there was never a middle @-@ ground.
The original bridge was completed and opened by August 3 , 1877.
Between 1913 and 1915 , they were frequently vacationing together , either on the Black Sea coast or at the Rosenstock family property in Gârceni , Vaslui County ; during this time , Vinea and Samyro wrote poems with similar themes and alluding to one another ..
While still a schoolboy , Massenet was admitted to France 's principal music college , the Paris Conservatoire.
David Greenwalt joined mid @-@ season as co @-@ executive producer and wrote one episode for his only season on the series.
" SkyBox " has been confirmed as My Phone , while " <unk> " has been confirmed as Windows Marketplace for Mobile.
This allows them to battle increasingly more difficult demonic entities ..
Although the club had experienced difficult times before , having dropped into the second tier of Scottish football twice in the 1970s , they had bounced straight back up on both occasions.
Beardsley played junior football for Mickleover Sports and aged 11 joined the youth system of hometown club Derby County , where he stayed for five years.
The Gauntlet for the Gold and the NWA World Tag Team Championship defense were each rated a 7 out of 10.
Without the supplies carried on Perrée 's convoy , starvation and disease spread throughout the garrison and by the end of August 1800 , French soldiers were dying at a rate of 100 a day.
The trigeminal nerve ( V ) is named in accordance with its three components ( Latin : tri @-@ <unk> meaning triplets ) , and the vagus nerve ( X ) is named for its wandering course ( Latin : vagus ) ..
The party coaxed Palestinians towards defying British rule by staging demonstrations and political and social boycotts.
This other designation was decommissioned in 1928 when US 141 was extended north from Green Bay into Michigan.
Forte was an exceptionally large and powerful ship engaged on a commerce raiding operation against British merchant shipping off the port of Calcutta in British India.
The faecal matter may have been eaten by " Lyuba " to promote development of the intestinal microbes necessary for digestion of vegetation , as is the case in modern elephants.
The monument has drawn global attention to the classical Buddhist civilization of ancient Java ..
The current winners , as of April 2016 , are Wales , represented by Cordia with the song " Dim <unk> Un " ..
Both these functions primarily attract Hindus to the temple.
The appearance of an ala is diversely and often vaguely described in folklore.
The new population found by WWF in 2010 has an overall lighter color , along with reddish or rusty patches near the hands and feet on the dorsal side of the arms and legs.
Joining with Artanis and Kerrigan later on , Raynor watches as Kerrigan ascends to become a Xel 'naga and destroys Amon once and for all ; two years later , Kerrigan - in human form - visits Raynor at the bar on Mar Sara where he began in Wings of Liberty , and he leaves with her.
About 220 @,@ 000 residencies required some form of assistance after the storm , primarily to cover lack of food ..
Observations from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope suggest that Epsilon Eridani actually has two asteroid belts and a cloud of exozodiacal dust.
As the fungus is often heavily infested by maggots , skilled mushroom pickers prefer young fruit bodies.
The years after World War II saw a number of notable performances of the Eighth Symphony , including Sir Adrian Boult 's broadcast from the Royal Albert Hall on 10 February 1948 , the Japanese premiere under Kazuo Yamada in Tokyo in December 1949 , and the Australian premiere under Sir Eugene Goossens in 1951.
The most recent inventory noted a reduction of 19 @.@ 4 square kilometres ( 7 @.@ 5 sq mi ) of glacial surface area from 2000 to 2011 ..
Some of them had been with her for years.
The castle was first briefly inherited by Mortimer 's son , Edmund , and then in 1331 Mortimer 's young grandson , Roger , who eventually became a prominent soldier in the Hundred Years War.
After U.S. warships bombarded the Sirri platform and set it ablaze , a UH @-@ 60 with a SEAL platoon flew toward the platform but was unable to get close enough because of the roaring fire.
In only eight minutes of firing , Hood had disappeared , taking all but three of her crew of 1 @,@ 419 men with her ..
Records indicate that the site of Fort Stanton was purchased for a total of $ 56 @,@ 000 in 1926.
The player @-@ character Gomez lives peacefully on a 2D plane until he receives a red fez and witnesses the breakup of a giant , golden <unk> that tears the fabric of spacetime and reveals a third dimension.
According to a 2007 estimate provided by the County Population Register Service , the city hosts a visible population of students and other non @-@ residents — an average of over 20 @,@ 000 people each year during 2004 – 2007.
Both the British Ornithologists ' Union and the South African authorities split the albatrosses into four genera as Nunn suggested , and the change has been accepted by the majority of researchers ..
Observing their spacecraft from the rear , players fly their ships by moving the mouse in the direction they want the vessels to go.
The hurricane produced strong gusts within the vicinity of New York City , and at Belleville , New Jersey , several peach trees were defoliated and uprooted.
It is also used in coatings for paper.
Williams was appointed Air Member for Organisation and Equipment and promoted to air marshal , the first man in the RAAF to achieve this rank ..
Business Loop Interstate 75 ( BL I @-@ 75 ) is a business loop running through Roscommon.
On 16 September , Croatian forces captured a JNA barracks and another storage depot in Slavonski Brod , and two barracks in Ogulin , while fighting erupted around a JNA post in <unk>.
Kahne made a pit stop on lap 178 to give the lead back to Hamlin ;.
Throughout much of the 20th century , eruptions , usually following earthquakes , did happen from time to time.
Freya explains how she came to inhabit Chi 's body.
Gerstmann felt the sound to be " dull " , while Next Generation called it " exemplary ".
Another example is the 1989 one @-@ shot Excalibur : Mojo Mayhem , which due to changing deadlines , he completed at a quicker pace.
Kāmadhātu is represented by the base , Rupadhatu by the five square platforms ( the body ) , and Arupadhatu by the three circular platforms and the large topmost stupa.
In 1701 , when James II died , young James Francis Edward became king at age 13 in the eyes of the " Jacobites " , as now " King James III and VIII ".
But we 'd rather have more people watching , so the colors and lighting are slightly brighter , and the camera movements are not as jarring.
Norfolk City Public Schools , the public school system , comprises five high schools , eight middle schools , 34 elementary schools , and nine special @-@ purpose / preschools.
These charges were dismissed as being laid out of malice ..
At this time , the depression also attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 1005 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 68 inHg ).
Catherine built a boathouse in the 1760s to store it ..
Previous acts had seen the use of federal courts and troops to guarantee that black men and women could not be deprived of their civil rights by any state.
The writing staff wanted to do an episode where the Simpsons family traveled to Australia , because they thought everyone in Australia had a good sense of humor and that they " would get the jokes ".
During the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars that followed them , British dominance in the Indian Ocean was repeatedly challenged by the depredations of French vessels sailing from the isolated and well protected French colonies of Réunion ( later Île Bonaparte ) and Île de France.
The current routing of NC 98 was established in 1934 with the road 's western terminus at NC 91 ( present @-@ day Jones Dairy Road ) to US 64 west of Spring Hope.
" However , she said , Eastwood does not make jokes , so instead she modeled that aspect of the character on theatrical and film director Mike <unk> whose delivery of a cutting remark , she said , made everyone laugh , including the target.
The American landings on Guadalcanal and Tulagi on 7 August 1942 caught the Japanese by surprise.
Harder had been last seen at 1 : 35 pm on 12 August and was reported as missing in action following combat east of the Isle of Wight.
When Xander is driving the ice cream truck with Anya , the backgrounds outside the car intentionally look fake , to give a sense of stillness where there should be motion.
It was the first complete translation of a major classical text in an Anglian language , finished in 1513 , but overshadowed by the disaster at Flodden that brought the reign to an end ..
Although their entertainment value tended to overshadow ritual significance , the races remained part of archaic religious observances that pertained to agriculture , initiation , and the cycle of birth and death ..
The wing was established on 1 September 1917 as the 1st Training Wing and commanded the AFC 's pilot training squadrons in England until April 1919 , when it was disbanded.
The first parody recorded for the album was " Yoda ".
This herd became known as the Anchor herd , and a small number of descendants of this original herd still remain at Winsford Hill.
Modifications were made to improve the draughting of the locomotive , incorporating a box @-@ like chimney attached to the condenser array by pipes.
Urine may collect underneath the scar , leaving the area under the skin constantly wet , which can lead to infection and the formation of small stones.
On 12 January , 1 RAR continued its patrolling program and one patrol subsequently located 15 tons of rice and destroyed it after killing six Viet Cong during a 20 @-@ minute battle.
He sent her to various auditions for commercials , and she was placed in more than 100 national network TV advertisements as a child.
It was replaced by Carol in the 1965 season ..
During the attack , Schleswig @-@ Holstein was forced to turn away to avoid the destroyers ' torpedoes.
" Polybius described the weak Carthaginian center as deployed in a crescent , curving out toward the Romans in the middle with the African troops on their flanks in echelon formation.
Its success in clinical trials during the war years was the basis for the development of the field of anti @-@ cancer chemotherapy.
Owen climbed over the cage , but Bret dragged him back in by pulling Owen 's hair.
The puffball has been tentatively identified from the Galápagos Islands , and has been collected from Pernambuco and São Paulo , Brazil.
Yet in the seven years since the decision , I am aware of no case where the material has been determinative , not even in Pepper v. Hart itself ..
Strong reservations were expressed by the Korean FA , and the Japanese FA opposed the plan.
By the end of the day 's play forty minutes later , they had lost four wickets and only scored 25 runs.
He concurrently served as one of the directors of the Potomac Company , which made improvements to the Potomac River and improved its navigability for commerce ..
His son chose to ignore his advice ..
In 1939 , Estonia produced 181 @,@ 000 tonnes of shale oil , including 22 @,@ 500 tonnes of oil that were suitable gasoline equivalents.
The new version titled , " Ashita , Haru ga Kitara 97 – 07 " ( <unk> 、 <unk> 97 – 07 ) was recorded at the Mouri Art Works Studio in Tokyo.
SS @-@ <unk> <unk> Gebirgs @-@ Division ( Kroatien ) , but a short time later a change was made to differentiate it from those that were composed of Germans and it became the 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Handschar ( 1st Croatian ) ( German : 13.
Illinois Central Railroad Co. v. State of Illinois , 146 U.S. 387 ( 1892 ) , pitted the public welfare of the city against the railroad industry and was the foundation for the public trust doctrine which facilitated the city 's reclamation of much of the lakefront.
The battle is alluded to in Sally Wister 's Journal , and the author later views the remains of the nearby camp.
Storm impacts mostly affected agriculture and transportation in the country ; over 200 @,@ 000 ha ( 490 @,@ 000 acres ) of crop fields were impacted.
During this period , only the financial elite could afford a university education , and less than one percent of the population had a degree by the time Playford left office.
Additional likely synonyms of G. libratus and / or D. horridus include Laelaps <unk> , Laelaps <unk> , Laelaps incrassatus , and Dryptosaurus <unk> ..
With a shortage of funds and the right @-@ of @-@ way not purchased , there is no time table for construction.
Robert Indiana once said : " I knew Andy very well.
On the penultimate game of the season , Reading faced Watford at Vicarage Road.
Stewart had arranged a meeting with General Manager of the Leafs Frank Selke and Kennedy would have to travel immediately to Toronto.
The size of the company was increased to 50 and then to 80.
The weather stations nearest Bristol for which long @-@ term climate data are available are Long Ashton ( about 5 miles ( 8 km ) south west of the city centre ) and Bristol Weather Station , in the city centre.
It enabled the Chinese to expand their area of influence into Indochina and the Viet Minh to receive much @-@ needed Chinese equipment and strategic planning support.
In 2000 , Camp Washington Chili won a James Beard Foundation America 's Classics Award.
Oneworld has three premium status levels — Ruby , Sapphire , and Emerald — based on the customer 's tier status in the member airline 's frequent @-@ flyer program.
Ketèlbey followed Chopin 's model in several waltzes in the key of A ♭ major , including La <unk> ( 1907 ) and two different pieces under the title Valse brillante ( 1905 and 1911 ) ..
During the three months he spent working to perfect the drink , he had customers sample it and offer feedback.
A recycling centre is located at Riverview Drive.
The chamber in which the girls were taken to be turned into the <unk> was bathed in a green light to suggest alien technology and also ease the brief glimpse of Rosanna 's true form.
In his fourth event , the 200 @-@ meter butterfly , held the following day , Phelps finished first with a time of 1 : 54 @.@ 04 , breaking Tom Malchow 's Olympic record.
Fish have also been identified as a prey item in Nigeria.
Among the vents built by this activity include Lassen Peak ..
The dynasty was based in Gaza , where its members continuously served as the hereditary sanjak @-@ beys ( district governors ) of the sanjak ( provincial district ) for over a century.
With a 1 @.@ 92 GAA and two shutouts , Luongo was given Best Goaltender and All @-@ Star Team honours ..
Polar bears have long provided important raw materials for Arctic peoples , including the Inuit , Yupik , Chukchi , Nenets , Russian Pomors and others.
However , in the Orkneyinga Saga there is a vivid contrast between Sigurd 's death clutching the raven banner and the later career of his son Thorfinn , who is credited with several achievements in bringing Orkney into mainstream Christendom.
They also had good cup runs during his period , reaching the FA Cup semi @-@ finals in 1989 and again in 1992 ..
Critical opinion of the soundtrack was mixed.
After they leave , Salerno orders his associates to hire professional hitman Ray Ferritto to kill them both.
Julian Jarrold 's and Sam Mendes ' producer approached Christopher Priest for an adaptation of his novel The Prestige.
Khan , having consolidated power , <unk> his victory and walks into a police station as a taunt to law enforcement.
Saraiya went on to describe Rachel as " as a model for women coming of age in the 1990s — the popular , pretty girl dissatisfied with where those illusions have taken her but also unwilling to embrace the more aggressively ' feminist ' career @-@ woman strategy ".
Amnesty International described the charges as " ludicrous " and a " travesty of justice ".
The Sideling Hill Tunnel was built before December 1884 by John O 'Brien , an engineer from Rhinebeck , New York.
Most white people in the South were not throwing bombs and causing havoc ... I think the book really helped them come to understand what was wrong with the system in the way that any number of treatises could never do , because it was popular art , because it was told from a child 's point of view.
At one point , trying to argue that Jacobson did not have access to the defense of entrapment by estoppel ( where the government persuades an actor that it is legal to do something , only to prosecute them for it ) , Scalia told Larkin he 'd lost him ..
" Only 70 % of the logic gates on the ULA were supposed to be used , but Sinclair decided to obtain maximum benefit by using them all.
The oribi reaches nearly 50 – 67 centimetres ( 20 – 26 in ) at the shoulder and weighs 12 – 22 kilograms ( 26 – 49 lb ).
In the early 2000s , the Route 41 interchange with Route 42 in Deptford Township was , along with the County Route 544 interchange with Route 42 , reconstructed to ease traffic movements in the area.
" <unk> also discussed the character of Simpson , comparing his power @-@ inducing red pill to the anti @-@ feminist " red <unk> " , and noting that his taking of the pills " renders him not just dangerously delusional , but so utterly at odds with nature and reality of any kind that he will forget to breathe unless he counteracts the pill ’ s effects.
A similar attempt was made the following decade.
He was countered point @-@ by @-@ point by Hannah Tracy Cutler , then in broad societal and political terms by Mott who began by saying : " It is not Christianity , but priestcraft that has subjected woman as we find her.
The grounds are promoted by the Campaign to Protect Rural England ..
As a three @-@ year @-@ old , Americus also won the Culver Stakes ..
Their second album Out of Exile debuted at the number one position on the Billboard charts in 2005.
The roadways that make up a majority of NY 128 through Westchester were upgraded to state highway standards in the early 1900s by local contractors.
On 12 April 2016 , with the team two points off the play @-@ offs , Nolan was relieved of his duties as manager of Orient , the role transferring to Andy Hessenthaler.
In 24 games with Montreal , Bure scored 3 goals and added an assist.
Wohlwend and Vollmer did not speak a word to each other — or use a medium outside of Gmail and Twitter — throughout the entire development process.
The band returned to the US to promote their new record on the Late Show with David Letterman in June 2001.
His life 's work principally concerned the taxonomy , chemistry and toxicity of the gilled mushrooms ( Agaricales ) , especially those of the genus Cortinarius , and the ecology of ectomycorrhiza.
The song has a " bluesy " feel , and makes use of metaphors such as " You are my ends and my means / With you there ’ s no in between.
Gittings participated in many of the earliest LGBT actions in the United States.
Bowing to public pressure , shortly after the bridge opened Parliament declared it free to use for pedestrians on Sundays , and in 1875 it was also made toll @-@ free on public holidays.
At this point , she retired , expressing the opinion that she was glad to leave UCL , for reasons that she did not make clear.
Their second album , Come What ( ever ) May debuted at number four on the Billboard 200.
It is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and New York City is home to the United Nations Headquarters.
Redding stated that Hendrix had not yet taken LSD at the time of the song 's writing , which was after a gig in London on December 26 , 1966.
As the Claimant addressed meetings up and down the country , journalists following the campaign often commented on his pronounced cockney accent , suggestive of East London origins.
Dr Jill Allibone is of the opinion that he might have been protecting himself and his family from the political troubles of the time.
Maggie was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks ' office.
The most significant of these conditions was the kingdom 's non @-@ participation in the international slave trade , which had historically been a major source of revenue for the kingdoms of Imerina , Betsimisaraka , Sakalava and others across the island.
Many of the measures suggested in the charter would be implemented the following year , although others remained inactive.
" Pop Is Dead " , a non @-@ album single , also sold poorly.
The study of British castles remained primarily focused on analysing their military role , however , drawing on the evolutionary model of improvements suggested by Thompson earlier in the century ..
Hamilton 's mother had been married previously to Johann Michael <unk> of St. Croix.
In Michigan , US 141 is an undivided highway that runs through rural woodlands.
Intravenous vidarabine was licensed for use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 1977.
He endorsed the Republican presidential candidacy of Congressman Ron Paul in the 2008 election ..
Progression through the game is achieved by competing in and winning races against computer controlled racers spread over different tracks and in different leagues.
The end of the descent came with approximately 2 km ( 1 @.@ 2 mi ) remaining , with a flat run to the finishing line ..
The last Tu @-@ 142MZ rolled off the Taganrog production line the following year , bringing an end to a 26 @-@ year production run during which 100 Tu @-@ 142s were produced ..
Four practice sessions were held before the Sunday race , two each on Friday and Saturday.
Raziel defeats Rahab and absorbs his soul , then crosses the Lake of the Dead to the abandoned fortress of his brother Dumah.
The parkway begins at an intersection with Routes 9 and 9N ( Canada Street ) in the town of Lake George.
His first assignment was the surveying of Stamford Township , a task they began on November 5 , 1787 and completed on January 8 , 1788.
However , damage to the pedestal can still be seen.
Assigned to the project was Kaoru Moriyama , whose later work included script translations for Final Fantasy IV and Secret of Mana ( known as Seiken Densetsu 2 in Japan ).
Upon the male 's return , the female goes off to sea and does not return until the chick has hatched.
Their tasks required them to be inconspicuous , and they were issued green and later other drab colour uniforms.
On 1 May 2004 , they merged to create SAS Braathens , that re @-@ branded to Scandinavian Airlines in 2007 ..
Yoko Ono had been deeply involved in the production and had herself been initially impressed with his audition and approved his casting prior to discovering his full name was Mark Lindsay Chapman.
Unrest in the early 1600s resulted in most of the works being destroyed , but in 1632 a group of adventurers led by the Earl of Bedford were granted permission to drain Deeping Fen , South Fen and Croyland.
By the end of October , the airline had between 40 and 50 % cabin load , and the company stated that it needed " slightly more than 50 % " to make a profit.
Biological processes turned out to be far more complicated than simple reactions in atoms and molecules.
Walter Oesau welcomed him with assurances to High Command that Bär would not have command responsibilities.
On December 1 , 1956 , the highway department opened the first 6 @.@ 6 miles ( 10 @.@ 6 km ) of a new four @-@ lane divided highway around the south side of Niles , with the final 1 @.@ 6 miles ( 2 @.@ 6 km ) of the bypass opening early the next year.
Both deadly accidents occurred on final approach , and both involved Soviet @-@ built aircraft.
The characters have different issues , different problems , different feelings about them.
She had lived nearby , in Montagu House , Portman Square , until her death on 25 August 1800.
The song has been described as an " understated soft @-@ pop " track with influence from Michael Jackson and his 1985 charity single " We Are the World ".
It passed southwest of Cape Verde on the following day.
Wulfstan was one of the most distinguished and effective Old English prose writers.
" Just Like Tom Thumb 's Blues " has six verses and no chorus.
Davies initially dismissed the story , but Baker and Minogue contemporaneously confirmed she would star in the show.
Larry Holmes , the heavyweight boxing champion and Easton native , threw the switch himself during the lighting ceremony on November 24 , 1978 ..
In 1927 , plans were made to replace the grade crossing at the Pennsylvania Railroad line ( now Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor ) in Newport with an underpass under the tracks.
The immediate predecessor to Roswell High School was the Roswell Public School on Mimosa Boulevard , which housed grades 1 – 10 and opened in the 1892 after the Georgia General Assembly passed Act No. 51 on December 20 , 1892 , allowing the city to elect a school board and levy taxes for support of the school.
Gaddafi 's government was frequently criticized for not being democratic , with Freedom House consistently giving Libya under Gaddafi the " Not Free " ranking for civil liberties and political rights ..
The band usually played a 45 @-@ minute set often followed by an encore.
Contemporary Canadian art curator Diana Nemiroff suggested the controversy was largely due to the work being taken out of the larger context of the show.
Heather Phares from AllMusic noticed the frequent incorporation of " early @-@ 2010s trends " throughout Bangerz , and highlighted the electronic dance music ( EDM ) heard on " Someone Else " as an illustration of said production values.
In May , the police brought the demands to receive the CVR in to Namdal District Court.
" Reviewer Corey Apar of Allmusic noted that the band " sounds stronger than it has in awhile [ sic ] ".
The ferries transported the wagons and passengers 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) across Lake Tinn ; until 1936 Norsk Transport had to compete with a passenger steamship service , but after their closing the railway ferries were responsible for all passenger traffic on the lake , which also helped boost passenger traffic on the trains ..
A Cook County Circuit Court judge denied Evanston 's request for a restraining order to halt the erection of the barrier , which became known in the media as " Berny 's Wall ".
In her director 's notes , Burshtein wrote , " I love Jane Austen.
His form at Hallam attracted the interest of a number of league clubs , and Boulding was offered a trial by Mansfield Town.
Remmel said that Miller ‘ could not believe that the Georgia Tech team would have tried to destroy Willis Ward — but , I am sure they would have.
In this period , <unk> ( or <unk> ) , a prince of Arakan , established a monastery in Sitakunda.
Once <unk> had fallen , the 24th Battalion continued to the Péronne road.
Barrels , fire pots and other breakable containers of pitch , Greek fire , and other incendiary mixtures could be thrown ; other machines fired arrows and bolts , which could be ignited , or adapted to carry flammable mixtures.
The following year , Cardinale starred opposite Jean @-@ Paul Belmondo as Vénus in the 18th @-@ century set adventure <unk> , which made her a major star in France.
Eric Goldman of IGN wrote that their first kiss was " hard to not feel good about ".
Both episodes saw a reduction in viewing figures compared to previous weeks , which was attributed to them being broadcast at the same time as the series finale of Dawson 's Creek on The WB.
She cited the Hermannsburg School , a group of Indigenous artists including Albert <unk> who began painting at Hermannsburg Mission in the 1930s , as an influence on her work.
Doggett tells Reyes that , in order to resolve the situation , she must turn off his respirator and allow him to die , but she refuses.
Home Command was renamed Operational Command , and Training and Maintenance Commands merged to become Support Command.
Computer graphics company Evans & Sutherland produced the vector graphics displays aboard the Enterprise and the fields of stars used in the opening credits.
He supported same @-@ sex marriage during the 2003 provincial election , and in 2005 helped the McGuinty government achieve quick passage of a provincial bill granting legal recognition to same @-@ sex couples ..
During the night , Garin 's main rival , Aucouturier , had stomach cramps , and was unable to finish the stage.
In the first round Villa beat <unk> 7 – 0 on aggregate.
The Albany College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences ( private ) is the second oldest pharmacy school in New York and the fifteenth oldest in the United States ..
Fleury has organized or participated in numerous charitable causes.
Nevertheless , by late June Riel was back in Manitoba and was soon persuaded to run as a member of parliament for the electoral district of Provencher.
The 500 @-@ meter freestyle was won by Austrian swimmer Paul Neumann , who defeated his opponents by more than a minute and a half ..
He verged on <unk> waves to explain the repeated pattern of reflection and transmission by thin films ( Opticks <unk> , Props.
Bands that broke through to the mainstream from local scenes across the world in the early 2000s included the Strokes , Interpol , the White Stripes , the Hives and the Vines , who were followed to commercial success by many established and new acts.
Allen 's publisher had forced him to pay the publication costs up front , and only 200 of the 1 @,@ 500 volumes printed were sold.
Recognition tests do not require participants to produce a word from memory.
Scully finds a disassembled utility knife at the latest crime scene with Mulder 's prints on it and discovers that the murder weapon is missing from the evidence room.
Hitchcock countered he would personally finance the project and film it at Universal @-@ International using his Shamley Productions crew if Paramount would merely distribute.
Those chosen by Scotland sat for a single term , and following each dissolution new Scottish peers were elected.
Although Rhodes had been a regular in the Brentford squad , his 22 league games included just four starts ..
" The ocean of the streams of stories " ) that featured stock fairy tale characters and trappings such as invincible swords , vessels that replenish their contents , and helpful animals.
He had not yet won a race in 2016.
Aguilera performed " Blank Page " for the first time live at the 39th People 's Choice Awards on January 9 , 2013.
After a complete review of the research projects , the development of some of them has been authorized , including grain alteration and the use of cameras to study the behavioural response of bears to trains ..
This exception does not apply if the employee has already been identified on the work , either at the time of alteration or at any point beforehand.
The work was not received uncritically ; the dramatist Romain Rolland , who had assisted d 'Indy , wrote that Monteverdi had " sacrifice [ d ] freedom and musical beauty to beauty of line.
In the election 's aftermath , McConnell issued a one @-@ sentence endorsement of Bevin.
They habitually met from early morning and spent their days eating together before deciding to form a band.
The school Stowe sponsored closed in 1929.
The video commences with Swift , clothed by a black sweater and jeans , walking through a university campus and spotting Gaston sitting under a tree , reading a textbook.
We never have , we never tried , nor will we ever , " and that the only warning ESRB issues regarding third @-@ party content is " Game Experience May Change During Online Play.
As the tournament progressed , Overmars felt the Netherlands were " getting better and better " and believed they could win the World Cup : " Believe me , we can do it.
Fans of the festival were outraged , claiming the band did not have the credibility to perform at the music festival.
The plan involved some new plantings , fencing , and benches.
After sailing to Manila , Yancey received orders to proceed to the United States on 25 November , one year to the day she had sailed from San Francisco.
The ships transported them to Acre , where they landed in October ..
A study of five wild cheetahs ( three females , two males ) during hunting reported a maximum speed of 93 km / h ( 58 mph ) , with an average of 48 to 56 km / h ( 30 to 35 mph ).
A resident of the neighborhood described the happenings at 216 North Bonnie Brae with the following words :.
Kumba was the first ride in the world to feature a number of now @-@ common roller coaster elements , including interlocking corkscrews and a dive loop.
" The crash investigation questioned the maintenance of the plane 's engines , as issues with them had been identified on a previous flight.
The passage of the Giro over Monte Zoncolan , where Simoni won a stage en route to overall victory in the 2003 Giro d 'Italia , was also noted as a factor in his favor.
Norway Airlines replaced its two 737 @-@ 300 aircraft with two McDonnell Douglas MD @-@ 80 aircraft leased from Transwede , one MD @-@ 83 and one MD @-@ 87.
During a period of particularly harsh treatment , Lieutenant Commander Coker and another prisoner executed an escape as a two @-@ man team despite the high risk of brutal reprisal or possible loss of life.
In mid @-@ February 1944 , Baćović and Lukačević accompanied Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) Colonel Bill Bailey to the coast south of Dubrovnik and were evacuated from Cavtat by a Royal Navy gunboat.
Melbourne FIR monitors airspace over Victoria , Tasmania , southern New South Wales , most of South Australia , the southern half of Western Australia and airspace over the Indian and Southern Ocean.
On best seller lists in the Canadian market , the hardcover peaked at number one in MacLean 's and number two in The Globe and Mail in the fiction category.
He [ Peter ] wants to be with her [ Olivia ] , and in his mind it was her.
Writing for Consequence of Sound , Alex Young opined that the song discusses " the duplicity of identity , hubris , and objectification ".
In works published before 1987 , the slippery jack was written fully as Suillus luteus ( L. : Fr.
He maintained good relations with Bulgaria and , according to Andreev , his political activity was mainly concentrated in dealing with Bulgaria.
In February 1987 , Megadeth was the opening act on Alice Cooper 's Constrictor tour , and the following month the band began its first headlining world tour in the United Kingdom.
Drums and other traditional percussion instruments and are often made from natural materials.
The Grand Commandant 's office witnessed significant changes during the Eastern Han.
Donlevy played him as a mechanic , a creature with a completely closed mind.
Dal is 34 minutes and 57 kilometers ( 35 mi ) from Oslo S. Line 450 switches to the Gardermoen Line , and calls at Oslo Airport Station and Eidsvoll Verk Station before terminating at Eidsvoll Station.
Manson appeared on a tribute album to Giorgio Moroder curated by Shooter Jennings , contributing vocals to a version of David Bowie 's " Cat People ( Putting Out Fire ) ".
Young , uninjured fruit bodies of L. deterrimus have <unk> in the form of fatty acid dihydroazulene @-@ esters.
In February 1987 , Nos. 36 and 37 Squadrons joined No. 33 Squadron ( flying Boeing 707 tanker @-@ transports ) as part of a re @-@ formed No. 86 Wing under the newly established Air Lift Group ( renamed Air Mobility Group in April 2014 ).
By operating at a national standard , MOCA received accreditation from the American Alliance of Museums in 2010 ..
Algol is actually a three @-@ star system ( Beta Persei Aa1 , Aa2 , and Ab ) in which the large and bright primary β Persei Aa1 is regularly eclipsed by the dimmer β Persei Aa2.
The asking price was $ 10 @,@ 000 per year ; the Vice President bargained Cameron down to $ 8 @,@ 000 ( equal to the vice presidential salary ) by suggesting that the public might assume he stole the excess.
He received the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on 16 April 1943 after 63 victories.
During the pursuit of the States ' troops Verdugo was nearly captured , but left unharmed in the end.
Some rainbands produced up to 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) gusts ( 113 km / h ) , and in some areas isolated streaks of damage were described as being caused by tornadoes.
As soon as Covington recorded with the new name , the song fit " perfectly " in the mood of the sequence and was included in the album ..
His tenure witnessed the introduction of the CAC Sabre to operational service with the Air Force , when No. 3 Squadron took delivery of its first machine in March 1956 ..
He renewed the Lex Iulia de <unk> <unk> , under which adultery was punishable by exile.
Creators associated with the character have expressed their own opinions.
When the war began , she was in Wei Hai Wei , and was assigned to the small squadron led by Vice Admiral Martyn Jerram , commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the China Station.
He said he had started the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade , under Brigadier General Edward A. Craig , toward Yongsan but had not yet released them for commitment there and he wanted to be sure that General of the Army Douglas MacArthur approved his use of them , since he knew that this would interfere with other plans of the Far East Command.
Later that month on the 17th , the second line @-@ up for the Australian music festival Soundwave was announced , containing Bullet for My Valentine ..
This episode was the inception of a lesser @-@ known story arc that was originally supposed to reveal that Scully was immortal.
After this is done , the officer would submit the pedigree to a chapter of two other officers , who would then examine the pedigree for any mistakes or in some cases demand more research.
As of the 2006 census , 48 @.@ 3 percent of residents were male and 51 @.@ 7 percent were female.
The party supports an increase in police forces , and more visible police on the streets.
The largest is Bloomingdale 's , which is 237 @,@ 537 square feet ( 22 @,@ 068 m2 ) and opened in 1982.
The project was confirmed in late October 2011.
In Paris , the prince 's daughter @-@ in @-@ law Francoise @-@ Thérèse de Choiseul @-@ <unk> ( 1766 – 1794 ) was executed , one of the last to be guillotined during the Reign of Terror.
The second album , Final Fantasy IV : Celtic Moon , was released on October 24 , 1991 , and contains a selection of tracks from the game , arranged and performed by Celtic musician Máire Breatnach.
Rapinoe became the fifth American woman in history to play in a Champions League final when Lyon faced German side VfL Wolfsburg on May 23 , 2013.
Thick @-@ walled hyphae are also present , measuring 2 – 11 ( sometimes up to 19 ) µm wide.
There is uncertainty concerning the circumstances of Gofraid 's expulsion , and of Domnall 's accession.
Suter was born on June 24 , 1964 , in Madison , Wisconsin.
The Yuan dynasty faced challenges from rival claimants to the title of Great Khan and from rebellious Mongols in the north.
( Jennings said " What are the ' 20s ? " in reference to the 1920s.
GameSpy closed its review by putting Elite Force as one of the year 's best first @-@ person shooters , and " almost certainly the best Star Trek game period , a franchise infamous for its string of bad titles ".
" He called What Separates Me from You " the slowest for stuff like that " , when referring to song titles.
In the chapter " Who Wants Candy " in the book Leaving Springfield , Robert Sloane finds alt.tv.simpsons an example of an " active audience ... who struggle to make their own meaning out of the show ".
When reviewed by the Motion Picture Association of America , Rocket Science was rated R for strong sexual language , brief sex , brief nudity , some violence and a scene depicting teen drinking.
The player begins the game by creating a character , for whom traits such as gender , class and skills may be selected.
Some viewed Kemp 's supply @-@ side stance as an attempt to ignore the national budget deficit.
Their unmarried co @-@ habitation caused little curiosity among Reed 's friends in the Village , many of whom rejected marriage and other middle @-@ class norms out of principle.
The most successful rendering of Eva Perón 's life has been the musical production Evita.
When asked about his greatness as a sprinter following his victory , Bolt placed himself in the category of Michael Jordan and Muhammad Ali , in their respective sports.
Roy Gordon Conacher ( October 5 , 1916 – December 29 , 1984 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Boston Bruins , Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Black Hawks.
In 2011 , Wambach was awarded the Bronze Boot and Silver Ball at the FIFA Women 's World Cup.
An early version of " Mutt " , with Scott Raynor behind the drum kit , was recorded with producer Mark Trombino and appears on the film 's 1998 soundtrack.
After deciding which amount to play for , the prize money is displayed on a seven @-@ space gameboard , with the appropriate number of spaces away from the bank depending upon the contestant 's decision.
Water security and food security are inextricably linked.
The film begins with six @-@ year @-@ old Michael ( Will Sandin ) killing his teenage sister Judith ( Sandy Johnson ) on Halloween 1963 in the fictional town of Haddonfield , Illinois.
The sculpture , created by artist Grant Speed , is 25 % larger than life ..
Collectively , the tropical cyclones in 1960 caused at least 250 deaths and about $ 910 @.@ 74 million in damage ..
Though it was not originally intended to be a Road to episode , Greg Colton convinced series creator and executive producer Seth MacFarlane and " Spies Reminiscent of Us " director Cyndi Tang to change the episode 's title from " Sliders " , parodying the science fiction television series Sliders.
After work on UB @-@ 13 was complete at the Weser yard , she was readied for rail shipment.
The song was written and produced by Madonna and Mirwais Ahmadzaï for her ninth studio album , American Life ( 2003 ).
Kentucky was seeded second in the East Region of the 1992 NCAA <unk>.
She later marries her lover , who had come to see her marry Mandhiyappan , and challenges her brother Chinna Malaikozhundhu ( Ponvannan ) to marry his daughters off to her sons ( the marriage of cousins is a gounder custom ).
After catching up , they place a curse on Kanna where she must endure constant reincarnation and death whenever she finds love ; Misuzu is one such reincarnation ..
By 2005 , the Renault marque was phased out and all the tractor models produced at Le Mans were badged as Claas ..
Following a brief period of training in Ballarat , the 39th Battalion marched through Melbourne on 15 May as the city farewelled the unit and they subsequently embarked upon HMAT Ascanius on 27 May 1916 , bound for the United Kingdom.
While the local townspeople believe all Carno 's wives died of natural causes or accidentally , Adrienne learns through a series of visions that he murdered them in grotesque distortions of their personalities.
In his place Eadwig nominated <unk> , the Bishop of Wells.
After the war , he was a strong supporter of redress and reparations for Japanese Americans incarcerated during the war.
Eastwood has cited Bronco Billy as being one of the most relaxed shoots of his career and biographer Richard Schickel has argued that Bronco Billy is Eastwood 's most self @-@ referential character.
He places the orb down and leaves Picard on the Stargazer bridge.
Shaken , not stirred " ) , No. 53 for best song ( " Goldfinger " ) , No. 49 for best villain ( Auric Goldfinger ) , and No. 71 for most thrilling film.
In 1942 , he was promoted to general manager of the association , a position he held until 1948.
The draft board had until April 15 to develop each individual report and the players have until April 28 to enter the draft.
This amendment provided for the state 's first lieutenant governor to be elected in the state 's 2009 gubernatorial election ..
Therefore , secularisation could not take the same shape in the Arab world as it did in the West ..
West performed the song on Saturday Night Live , at the 2010 BET Awards , at the 2011 Coachella Music Festival , and his Watch the Throne Tour.
One of the solutions to this problem is to shorten the program by omitting repeats , mainly those of the opening movements ' expositions ( however , this practice is highly disputed , as noted above ).
Scotland 's first game was against Peru in Córdoba.
The Black Prince found out about Edward 's death after he returned from the Siege of Limoges ; " he was very grieved in his heart , but none can escape death.
The audio of Ruby and Sapphire consists entirely of game music ; all dialogue is on @-@ screen.
Any threat to the Air Ministry 's existence had long since passed ; budgetary constraint , and the reluctance to engage in another battle which would waste resources were also factors in the Air Ministry 's decision not to contest the issue further.
After Young Frankenstein was written , the rights were to be sold to Columbia Pictures , but after having trouble agreeing on the budget , Wilder , Brooks , and producer Michael <unk> went with 20th Century Fox , where both Brooks and Wilder had to sign five @-@ year contracts.
" Robert Copsey for Digital Spy thought that the song 's weakness is also its strength , describing it as " a massive clubby <unk> that is ultimately throwaway , but in the best possible way.
Like the score , the arrangement makes heavy use of brass , and incorporates the Bond theme from Dr. No.
During battles , mages , rangers , and priests can also cast spells that damage foes , alter terrain , and heal friendly forces.
Within the next two hours , Israeli artillery fire and airstrikes were launched against Jordanian defenses on the Musri @-@ Karameh road , the Salt road , and east of Abdullah Bridge.
The Royal School of Library and Information Science ( <unk> ) provides higher education in library and information science ; one of its two departments is in Aalborg.
The Supreme Court has been empowered to issue writs , namely habeas corpus , mandamus , prohibition , certiorari and quo warranto , for the enforcement of the Fundamental Rights , while the High Courts have been empowered under Article 226 – which is not a Fundamental Right in itself – to issue these prerogative writs even in cases not involving the violation of Fundamental Rights.
Crouch observed that the word Fuck was shown partially obscured by correction fluid but was still clearly evident in full.
He and Marks consulted a number of artists for their top @-@ ten record lists , which were interspersed throughout the book.
External possessions are divided into two subclasses , the non @-@ living , and the living.
Here , he helped organize volunteers from local rifle associations to form a line of defence meant to repel any advancing German forces.
" Ford Motor Company introduced the " Mercury Zephyr " with the 1936 model year.
All of the artillery that the French army had was not enough to move it.
Maeve <unk> writing for the same publication wrote the clip was " heavy on the glitter and hair @-@ flips " and added , " We would 've bought Rise anyway , but now [ due to its commercial ] we 're definitely going to buy it.
Horwitz writes that this was not just limited to Bacon , and that " after the dramatic confrontations between Lord Chief Justice Coke and Lord Chancellor Ellesmere , chancellors took care to circumscribe the Court 's corrective jurisdiction and to focus more narrowly on territories they had staked out as peculiarly their own " ..
Yarralumla is located on the Yarralumla Formation which is a mudstone / siltstone formation that was formed around 425 million years ago during the Silurian Period.
The last four episodes of the show were performed back at WJZ in New York ..
His confidants Charles François , Marquis de <unk> , and the Duke de La Chatre advised him to inflict firm punishments on the “ traitors ” ..
Rutherford took out a loan and helped to pay for his law studies by working as a door @-@ to @-@ door encyclopedia salesman and court stenographer ..
The bell was again tapped on D @-@ Day , as well as in victory on V @-@ E Day and V @-@ J Day ..
Bruce Fretts of Entertainment Weekly thought poorly of the writing and characters , stating that " If only the kids ' jokes were as fresh as their mouths " and " It might help if the South Park kids had personalities , but they 're as one @-@ dimensional as the show 's cut @-@ and @-@ paste animation ".
Contador 's approach to Stage 7 was described by Cycling Weekly as a " tactical masterpiece ".
The song is a typical 6 / 8 ballad and features piano triplets , including an organ.
After spending the last six years on the same stealth game genre with the Sly Cooper games , they wanted to make something that was more " brazen and loud.
I was very much into doing everything live , so I just said , ' Madonna , you go out there and sing and we will follow you.
Estimates of the number of Jewish deaths range from several hundred to 2 @,@ 500 – 2 @,@ 800.
In early 1225 , a great council approved a tax of £ 40 @,@ 000 to dispatch an army , which quickly retook Gascony.
When Martha arrives , the Doctor and Novice Hame are tending over the Face of Boe.
In normal steaming four boilers were operated ; this was sufficient to power the ships at speeds up to 27 knots ( 50 km / h ; 31 mph ).
The demolition work moved forward , despite conflicts between David Rockefeller , Governor Nelson Rockefeller , and Mayor John Lindsay regarding plans for Battery Park City.
Siberian birds store the seeds of the Siberian stone pine , sometimes hoarding enough to last a whole year.
Initially , the Victoria Cross could not be conferred on colonial troops , until Major Charles Heaphy received the medal for his actions under British command in 1864 , after which the Victoria Cross was made available to all " local forces under imperial command.
He then put on an all @-@ round display to guide his team to a victory over Maharashtra.
The game also collected several " Best Story " accolades , including first prize in Gamasutra 's 2006 " Quantum Leap " awards for storytelling in a video game ..
But in retrospect , it really amounted to nothing.
Frankie climbs out as well and tries to convince everyone to let World out of the box.
They are perennial herbaceous plants which grow up to 2 @.@ 5 meters ( 8 @.@ 2 ft ) tall , having distinctive small green or white flowers arranged in an umbrella shape ( umbel ).
Described as a turning point in Rihanna 's career , it represents a departure from the Caribbean sound of her previous releases , Music of the Sun ( 2005 ) and A Girl like Me ( 2006 ).
US @-@ 270 / US @-@ 183 / US @-@ 412 / SH @-@ 3 proceed east through Woodward.
On the island of Wangerooge , Leutnant Hermann Diehl of Regiment 3 , battery LN @-@ Vers was demonstrating the Freya set to a visiting naval officer.
The recoilless rifle platoon had its own medical corpsman , Navy Hospitalman First Class George " Doc " Mitchell , who provided the majority of medical care for Reckless ..
The largest , which is on the southern rim of the caldera , is the Holocene Cerro del Medio complex with an elevation of 3 @,@ 508 metres ( 11 @,@ 509 ft ).
Sandstrom Design produced a 56 @-@ page flyer that showed the performance schedule for the 2003 – 2004 season which was mailed to subscribers , potential customers , handed out at performances and placed around town.
The highway was replaced by an extension of M @-@ 48 in 1926.
West Ham went a goal down in the first minute when David Bentley scored , but they subsequently scored four goals from Teddy Sheringham , Matthew Etherington , Bobby Zamora and an own goal from Zurab <unk> to win the match 4 – 2 and go through to the fifth round ..
It was written and produced by Chad Hugo and Pharrell Williams ( known collectively as The Neptunes ).
The factoring system works by having a number for each class based on their functional mobility or vision levels , where the results are calculated by multiplying the finish time by the factored number.
Gun platforms were installed on each ship before docking at the Brooklyn Navy Yard to have the guns themselves installed.
Among the cities with the strongest sales were Los Angeles , San Francisco , Houston and New York.
A future extension of Donald <unk> Parkway will bypass former Highway 48 ( Main Street ) through downtown Markham in 2018 just north of Major Mackenzie.
She wears a red dress and red make @-@ up on her face.
In a meeting with Hitler on 10 May he asked ,.
The parathyroid glands are two pairs of glands usually positioned behind the left and right lobes of the thyroid.
The brothers made swift progress , forcing Prince Centurione to retire to Glarentza , which was unsuccessfully attacked by the Byzantines.
They arrived on 9 March 1812 , to serve under the First Triumvirate ..
The US Army abandoned the system in June 1961 , and the Australian Army returned to the triangular formation following a review commissioned by Pollard 's successor as CGS , Lieutenant General Sir John Wilton , in October 1964 ..
Exports to New Zealand have continued ever since , but to broaden their export potential , Holden began to cater their Commodore , Monaro and Statesman / Caprice models for both right- and left @-@ hand drive markets.
Overseeing unsuccessful border conflicts with Egypt and Chad , Gaddafi 's support for foreign militants and alleged responsibility for the Lockerbie bombing led to Libya 's label of " international pariah ".
Vali and <unk> were the art directors ..
In 1975 , Lieutenant Al Cisneros , became the first Hispanic pilot to serve with the Blue Angels.
The blue and green logo coincided with the renaming of the station from Channel Three to the current name , NBN Television , and its parent company renaming from the Newcastle Broadcasting and Television Corporation to NBN Limited ..
A number of pattern coins were struck , and von Engelken decided to abandon the dolphins version.
The track included the highly compressed drums that the Beatles currently favoured , with reverse cymbals , reverse guitar , processed vocals , looped tape effects , a sitar and a tambura drone.
" But Gene Emery of The Providence Journal said the censoring option was " unlikely to stop any computer @-@ literate 10 @-@ year @-@ old " and by scrambling portions of the videos that might be considered offensive , " the censorship option actually makes the explicit scenes seem even worse than they really are " ..
Wenger absolved Senderos of any blame for the two goals – " it would be unfair " – and believed Fàbregas showed why he was a capable replacement for Patrick Vieira , who left in the summer : " He controlled the game and for me was outstanding.
They are a parody of the seven Road to ... comedy films starring Bing Crosby and Bob Hope.
" Road to Germany " is the fourth episode of the " Road to " hallmarks of the series , which have aired in various seasons of the show , and the first to be directed by Colton.
Nevertheless , he passed 50 in each of the four tour matches during this period , including a 134 against Yorkshire and 90 against Northamptonshire ..
I wouldn 't put this on The Simpsons ' top tier , but I think it 's definitely on that next tier down , episodes that maybe don 't have the most original plots but do have solid jokes throughout.
Upon a chart rule change in 2009 allowing catalog titles to re @-@ enter the Billboard 200 , The Dark Side of the Moon returned to the chart at number 189 on 12 December of that year for its <unk> charting week.
The bridge was opened to the public July 16 , 1910 ..
The huge demand for ice in the 1880s drove the natural ice trade to continue to expand.
Congressman Jerry <unk> and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi congratulated the 2009 team on Capitol Hill ..
Once the American Civil War began in 1861 , Philadelphia 's southern leanings were reduced.
These included three Polish infantry divisions : the 11th ( from the Bug River to Leśniakowizna ) , the 8th ( Leśniakowizna to Okuniew ) and the 15th ( Okuniew to the Vistula River ).
Heavy artillery was aimed at enemy batteries , with some guns and howitzers shelling headquarters and telephone exchanges beyond the range of the field artillery , as well as places where the infantry advance was held up.
He published his only song cycle , The Window ; or , The Songs of the Wrens , to words by Tennyson , and he wrote the first of a series of suites of incidental music for West End productions of Shakespeare plays.
Lingering floods in Zimbabwe contributed to an increase in malaria cases.
The ship was mined and sunk in January 1918 during the Battle of Imbros , with the loss of the vast majority of her crew ..
By 11 October , allegations had been made to 13 British police forces.
In the second quarter , Germany extended their lead to ten points , but Kean scored a point from a free throw , and then , with seconds left on the clock , stole the ball , enabling Crispin to score , so the Gliders were only seven points behind at half time.
Kirk accompanied Olds for practice firing of AIM @-@ 7 Sparrow and AIM @-@ 9 Sidewinder missiles on the Point Mugu missile range while Olds was en route to Travis Air Force Base for his charter flight overseas.
On the basis of this misinformation , American artillery and mortars fired concentrations on C Company 's former position , and fighter @-@ bombers , in 38 sorties , attacked the crest of Battle Mountain , using napalm , fragmentation bombs , rockets , and machine guns.
Sound effects editor Bruce Tanis remarked that because the background sound lasted the entire episode , it had to be handled " thoughtfully " ..
... Obviously under the rules of engagement , if he in fact had thrown up his hands , surrendered and didn 't appear to be representing any kind of threat , then they were to capture him.
The second half , LoveSounds , is the album 's " sweet side " , encompassing songs such as " My Love " , the slow jam " Until the End of Time " and " What Goes Around ... Comes Around ".
Oelrichs also published poetry under the name Michael Strange.
Sevigny won an Independent Spirit Award , a Satellite Award , and a Sierra Award for her performance ..
Many grey reef sharks have a home range on a specific area of the reef , to which they continually return.
When the Shubert Organization decided to divest the majority of its Chicago theatres , the Blackstone Theatre building was offered to DePaul University.
In 1967 , Chuck Lucas was minister of the 14th Street Church of Christ in Gainesville , Florida ( later renamed the Crossroads Church of Christ ).
Boudreau discussed the potential move to pitcher with Yankees catcher Bill Dickey , who had also played in the Navy with Lemon.
In February 2009 , Activision Blizzard had asserted that the Electronic Arts deal was invalid , believing that they were still in negotiations with Double Fine to publish the game.
French explorer and astronomer Nicolas Louis de Lacaille labelled them Alpha to Rho in 1756 , but omitted Omicron and Xi , and labelled a pair of stars close together Lambda Tucanae , and a group of three stars Beta Tucanae.
Ford was the only person to hold the presidential office without being elected as either president or vice @-@ president.
Ice thickness in Yosemite Valley may have reached 4 @,@ 000 feet ( 1 @,@ 200 m ) during the early glacial episode.
<unk> magazine credited Smith with inspiring gamers to learn more about the game industry and not accept company promotion , as well as turning 1UP from " the bastard child of EGM " to an important part of the Ziff Davis Internet company 's gaming network.
A chart battle ensued , but the Byrds ' rendition stalled at number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 , while Cher 's version reached number 15.
In 1809 , he was admitted to the bar and began practice in Bardstown.
As in other dromaeosaurids , the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified tendons and super @-@ elongated bone processes.
The Yelcho took the crew first to Punta Arenas and after some days to Valparaiso in Chile where crowds warmly welcomed them back to civilisation ..
The Junta appointed new members for the Audiencia loyal to the revolution.
Romero Chinchay also said that when she told van der Sloot that she noticed he was signing various documents with very different signatures , he signaled for her to be quiet ..
A situation like this happened in an ODI against Australia where he took a single when on 99 , but he coasted and did not ground his bat.
In 2001 , on a tour in the United States , Powderfinger played with Coldplay , in what Middleton described as a highlight.
During World War I , with increased fear among the American public and attempts at suppression of criticism by the government , the First Amendment was given wider examination in the U.S. Supreme Court.
The third incident occurred during an NHL game shortly before the 1998 Winter Olympic tournament while Suter was a member of the Chicago Blackhawks.
At the burial which followed at the Père Lachaise Cemetery , Gounod gave the eulogy.
The antbird family contains over 200 species , variously called antwrens , antvireos , antbirds and antshrikes.
The most distinguishing feature of a right whale is the rough patches of skin on its head which appear white due to parasitism by whale lice.
Wong continued to be assigned supporting roles.
In addition , some games contained a " Holiday Bonus , " in which a contestant won a gift if the level is passed.
On May 26 , 1989 , Joan " Jo " Rogers , 36 , and her daughters ‍ — ‌ Michelle , 17 , and Christe , 14 ‍ — ‌ left their family dairy farm in Willshire , Ohio , for a vacation in Florida.
The Fort Henry Bridge is a crossing of the Ohio River main channel in Wheeling , West Virginia.
The Trojans next traveled to Eugene , Oregon to face the Ducks in both teams ' conference opener.
Magic is often cited as an example of a 1990s collecting fad , though the game 's makers were able to overcome the bubble traditionally associated with collecting fads ..
Dr. Nick Riviera is voiced by Hank Azaria , who used a " bad Ricky Ricardo " impression.
Over the course of the war , on the Western Front the concept had evolved through the establishment of machine gun companies in 1916 and machine gun battalions in 1918.
Unknown to 1 ATF , the headquarters of the North Vietnamese 7th Division was located approximately 9 kilometres ( 5 @.@ 6 mi ) to the east of FSB Coral and several units of the division were also based in the vicinity.
When the American Revolutionary War began , George Washington was selected to head the colonial army.
The museum opened on 27 November 1997 , and is the only museum in Northern Europe dedicated to the entirety of Olympic history.
Before Thriller , Jackson struggled to receive coverage on MTV , allegedly because he was African American.
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse first went to Hamburg , where her crew was reduced on 5 March.
After the two defeat the Dark Lord , Julius reveals himself to be the last survivor of the Vandole Empire.
Despite the acquittal , the broader public perception was strong that Thorpe had not behaved well , nor had he adequately explained himself.
In the process he broke Spartan military power with his victory at Leuctra and liberated the Messenian helots , a group of Peloponnesian Greeks who had been enslaved under Spartan rule for some 230 years , having been defeated in the Messenian War ending in 600 BC.
After the Phillies activated him from the DL , on September 28 , he helped the Phillies take over first place in the National League East by striking out 13 Washington Nationals over 8 innings in a 6 – 0 win.
Adomnán reports that Áedán was present at the meeting.
It was not Edward 's initial intention to engage the French army , but at Crécy , just north of the Somme , he found favourable terrain and decided to fight an army led by Philip VI.
An approaching cold front absorbed the remnants of Juan on November 3 ..
Only Air France and British Airways ( the successor to BOAC ) took up their orders , with the two governments taking a cut of any profits made ..
" Aside from that , in the opinion of Hines , " the main quest has similar themes and tones as in past Elder Scrolls games " , and should still feel " epic " , simply because of the way the <unk> is designed : with openness in mind.
In 2007 , two former Yugoslav army officers were sentenced for the Vukovar massacre at the ICTY in The Hague.
They took large numbers of UN personnel prisoner , and then began to advance into areas previously controlled by the Sierra Leone government.
An 83rd minute Michael Chopra scored the winning goal for Sunderland.
After accumulating enough EXP , a Pokémon may level up ..
Regina Elena was protected with Krupp steel manufactured in Terni.
In England , for example , scientific communication and causes were facilitated by learned societies like Royal Society ( founded in 1660 ) and the Linnaean Society ( founded in 1788 ) : there was also the support and activities of botanical institutions like the Jardin du Roi in Paris , Chelsea Physic Garden , Royal Botanic Gardens Kew , and the Oxford and Cambridge Botanic Gardens , as well as the influence of renowned private gardens and wealthy entrepreneurial nurserymen.
The second torpedo — fired by pilot John Moffat — struck Bismarck in her stern on the port side , near the port rudder shaft.
The crossings were hampered by the high level of the rivers , flooding of foreshores , strong currents and floating debris , as well as a shortage of boats and other means of river crossing.
Folk singer and songwriter Tom Glazer lived on Long Hill Road for almost 30 years.
After her father 's death when she was eight , Sarah , together with her mother and sisters , moved to London.
[ ... ] But there 's another dimension to Shae as well.
Longacre had , in 1854 , designed the three @-@ dollar piece with a female with similar features ( also supposedly based on the museum sculpture ) but a more fanciful headdress , and adapted that design for the gold dollar.
In response to cellular stresses – such as infection , heat shock , or oxidative damage – heat shock proteins that identify misfolded or unfolded proteins and target them for proteasomal degradation are expressed.
She temporarily replaced Australia as squadron flagship between 29 November and 7 January 1917 ..
Don starts acting menacing and aggressively toward Adrienne , becoming progressively worse as time passes , culminating in a controversial scene in which he rapes Adrienne.
In an interview with Joe Falls , Canham said : " Bump and I are close personal friends.
The majority of the species present on the island are endemic to it and can be found nowhere else on Earth , the result of an isolated evolutionary linage sheltered from external biotic influence ; this makes its ecosystem vulnerable both to invasive species and human development , and an estimated third of the island 's natural flora and fauna has already gone extinct ..
Meanwhile , in the " Best Actress " category , Walker , Sosnovska and Hawes were voted ninth , fifth and fourth , respectively.
He is the only male player to date to have won Olympic Gold and the US Open in the same calendar year , as well as the third man to hold the Gold Medal and two majors on different surfaces ( after Andre Agassi and Rafael Nadal ).
Radcliffe eventually signed for the final films on 2 March 2007 , but Watson was considerably more hesitant.
It is approximately 42 kiloparsecs ( 137 @,@ 000 light @-@ years ) in diameter and about 12 @.@ 9 billion years old.
Similar to the earlier games in the Crysis series , Crysis 3 is a first @-@ person shooter.
Robert Klein , a comedian , singer , and actor , has been living in Briarcliff Manor since the 1980s.
Resident Evil : Revelations emphasizes survival , evasion , and exploration over fast @-@ paced combat by providing the player with limited ammunition , health , and movement speed.
Since Hinata Hyuga always respected Naruto even before the series ' beginning , he felt they were meant to be.
As of June 2011 , over 350 downloadable games were available , varying by region.
He dedicated the opera to Barezzi : " I have long intended to dedicate an opera to you , as you have been a father , a benefactor and a friend for me.
Such an approach was not confined to castles , but was also applied to the fortified towns of the day.
More females appear and in due course , the breeding season comes to an end.
On June 7 , FMS reported that Gina attained peak intensity as a low @-@ end Category 3 tropical cyclone on the Australian intensity scale , with winds of 140 km / h ( 90 mph ).
The government assigned 2 @,@ 000 soldiers to 14 fire stations built to combat the spread of fire within the city , and stationed 1 @,@ 200 soldiers in fire stations outside the city 's ramparts.
" Reading down " involves choosing an interpretation that is compatible , where more than one is strictly possible.
Until party leaders made the vote for women a priority , however , the WSPU vowed to continue its militant activism.
Davenport was established on May 14 , 1836 by LeClaire , and named after his friend Colonel George Davenport , who was stationed at Fort Armstrong during the war.
Their enamel is orange , but paler on the lowers.
The Act had various consequences – as well as allowing third parties to enforce terms it also made a number of exceptions to the basic rule unnecessary , such as claiming on behalf of another party as seen in Jackson v Horizon Holidays Ltd [ 1975 ] 1 WLR 1468.
The regiment was smaller , too , than it had been : just 259 present for duty.
On Sunday night , March 30 , 2003 , shortly before midnight , transport trucks carrying construction equipment moved onto Meigs with Chicago Police escort.
Programming from Lang @-@ Worth was removed from the station 's schedule in 1951 , while Keystone programming remained until 1960.
His legacy was largely forgotten by the nation at large between his death and Cameroonian independence.
According to a War Office training pamphlet dated 29 August 1940 , the sticky bomb should be regarded as a portable demolition device which can be " quickly and easily applied ".
Staffel ( 2nd squadron ) of <unk> 121 ( 121st Long @-@ Range Reconnaissance Group ) at Prenzlau ..
Despair was their first self @-@ released demo , and was released under the band name Antestor.
He helped his team progress through the qualifying rounds of the UEFA Cup , and <unk> to Reuters ' correspondent , " capped a brilliant individual performance with two goals " as well as providing the cross for Milan Purović as Red Star beat Roma 3 – 1 in the third match of the group stage.
Great Britain competed at the 2006 Winter Paralympics in Turin , Italy.
The UN had a major advantage in its sealift operations in that the most developed port in Korea was Pusan which was at the southeastern tip of the peninsula.
In July 2009 , audition tapes were leaked to the Internet , showing Chloë Grace Moretz , Mary Mouser , and Ariel Winter auditioning for the role of the vampire , Abby.
Sighting several ships , neither Murphy nor his executive officer , Ray Spruance , Jr.
Without instrumental opening , the movement starts with the chorale tune sung by the soprano in very long notes , with all other parts entering soon after the soprano begins each choral statement.
The White House FBI files controversy of the Clinton Administration , often referred to as Filegate , arose in June 1996 around improper access in 1993 and 1994 to Federal Bureau of Investigation security @-@ clearance documents.
After Hygeberht became archbishop , he consecrated Ecgfrith as king ; the ceremony took place within a year of Hygeberht 's elevation.
He believes reports of alien sightings to be a result of hallucinations induced by psychotropic drugs in the water supply and Gwen 's job to be working in " special ops ".
Catesby and Percy were reportedly both dropped by a single lucky shot , while standing near the door.
" Woodland management was considerable " , providing fuel for the kilns ..
<unk> of the series have appeared on MSX computers , Nintendo Entertainment System , Super Nintendo Entertainment System , Game Boy Color , Game Boy Advance , Nintendo DS , PlayStation , PlayStation 2 and Wii video game consoles , and several models of mobile phones.
Shinnecock Inlet recorded a peak gust of 52 mph ( 84 km / h ).
The film was released on Blu @-@ ray Disc and DVD on September 25 , 2012.
Whitney leaves Chad after discovering his affair with Vincent Clarkson.
In 1801 , Duyệt engineered a naval victory in Thị <unk> , which was a turning point of the war and heralded the complete collapse of the Tây Sơn.
There is a considerable amount of scholarship on Jinnah which stems from Pakistan ; according to Akbar S. Ahmed , it is not widely read outside the country and usually avoids even the slightest criticism of Jinnah.
Members of the same team often collaborated with each other against the other teams , for example to force them to crash into the spina ( a legal and encouraged tactic ).
She was subsequently raised , but her condition was very poor.
Cougar size is smallest close to the equator , and larger towards the poles.
His collection of 2 @,@ 800 orchestral scores and 1 @,@ 920 sets of parts is now in the library of the Royal Academy of Music.
The moth lays its eggs in the nest , and when they hatch , they will take over the nest.
It debuted at number 41 on the ARIA Digital Tracks chart in the issue dated July 23 , 2007.
However , most male terrestrial arthropods produce spermatophores , waterproof packets of sperm , which the females take into their bodies.
Other critics thought Eliot 's exploration of Christian themes was a positive development in his poetry , including Gordon Symes , who recognised it as " an evaluation of old age , an elucidation of its special grace , and an appreciation of its special function in the progress of the soul " ..
They accepted , wanting to see the interior of the peninsula , and enjoyed two days in the company of the Mexicans , eating , drinking and listening to unintelligible dirty jokes in Spanish.
Russian professor Georgiy I. Mirsky lent credence to this view in his 1997 book , On Ruins of Empire , stating that " Karabakh does not matter to Azerbaijanis as much as it does to Armenians.
He went on to say , " Apart from these limb @-@ pulling setpieces , tech credits appear fairly shoddy , as do any 3D effects that don 't include flying viscera.
During the 1960s , Flying Doctors received over two dozen cases of hyena attacks on humans in Kenya.
Her lawsuit was rejected by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on March 15 , 2016.
Another example : when entering a chaotic murder scene in the episode " Mr. Monk Meets Dale the Whale " , his first impulse is to straighten the lamps , though he is frequently able to hold off his fixations when examining bodies or collecting evidence.
The accusation of the <unk> angered Massachusetts authorities ( then under governor Henry Vane ) , who were already upset that the Pequots had earlier failed to turn over men implicated in killing another trader on the Connecticut River.
She had studied child behavior and painfully concluded that “ children robbed of childhood were likely to become dull , sullen men and women working mindless jobs , or criminals for whom the adventure of crime became the only way to break out of the bleakness of their lives ” Also , one volunteer , Jenny Dow , started a kindergarten class for children left at the settlement while their mothers worked in the sweatshops.
He made further adjustments to his deployment , moving the 2nd Division and Hamilton 's Portuguese to defend the village , where they were joined by Alten 's KGL brigade and a further Portuguese brigade composed of garrison and light troops temporarily formed for the campaign.
" Bruce spent much of his life and career in the United Kingdom , the country that conversely held him in high regard , but never forgot his Australian roots and for much of his career was a tireless advocate for its interests.
John angrily refused that he was not ready to marry her after all , nor " bear rules to be prescribed to him by any woman living ".
As the historian Hans Delbrück pointed out , due to the high numbers of killed and wounded among its ranks , the Punic army was not in a condition to perform a direct assault on Rome.
Like its close relative the pyjama shark , it will temporarily abandon its nocturnal habits to take advantage of the daytime mass spawnings of the chokka squid ( Loligo vulgaris reynaudi ) , which occur unpredictably year @-@ round with a peak from October to December.
In a review for New York magazine , Emily Nussbaum lauded one of Blair 's fantasies , which involves " joining the Peace Corps , getting a killer tan , winning the Nobel Peace Prize , and having dinner with the president , ' who would then write her a recommendation to Yale , and then Yale would fall all over themselves to accept her.
Sarah allied herself more strongly with the Whigs , who supported the Duke of Marlborough in the war ; and the Whigs hoped to utilise Sarah 's position as royal favourite.
By 1885 , about 1 @,@ 500 @,@ 000 acres ( 610 @,@ 000 ha ) were being used to graze about 75 @,@ 000 cattle , with an annual payment to the tribes of $ 55 @,@ 000.
Another legacy was the manner in which it led to the emergence — albeit only fleetingly — of an independence in Australian foreign affairs.
Running received mixed reviews from music critics.
Overtime is five minutes , with four skaters on each team.
George Philip and Francisco <unk> claimed that like his allies Correa and Chávez , Morales should be categorized as a populist , because he appealed " directly to the people against their countries ' political and economic order , divided the social field into antagonistic camps and promised redistribution and recognition in a newly founded political order.
Auerbach hired head coach Bill Fitch who led the revamped Celtics to the 1981 title ..
For the Greeks , Pluto ( <unk> , <unk> ) , the ruler of the dead and the consort of Persephone , became conflated with Plutus ( <unk> , <unk> ) , wealth personified ; Plato points out the meaningful ambiguity of this etymological play in his dialogue <unk>.
In 1936 , swollen root disease had been transmitted to plantations by mealybugs from indigenous trees.
In the first verse , Clarkson sings " I see the way you ’ re looking at me / Baby know I ’ m feeling it too / We can just light up every candle / Move from room to room " which was ensued by the sound of Gill 's guitar.
Because of two decades of poorly paid government service , and the expenses of his final illness , he left no estate , and a public fund was established to support his widow.
During the Second World War and post @-@ war periods the demand for technological expertise , particularly in the sciences , increased.
After the Flood , Noah tills the soil and grows vines.
The top of the pipe was fitted with a loose cap to keep water out.
The portion of the turnpike west of East Whitehall became part of US 4 in 1927 ; however , US 4 was realigned in the mid @-@ 1940s to follow a new , more direct highway between Whitehall and the Vermont state line at Fair Haven , Vermont.
On January 9 offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier was officially hired in the same capacity at Michigan as the replacement for Al Borges.
When he comes onto the screen , audiences immediately take him seriously , since he radiates rich , smug and serious.
Some sources put the damage from Andrew as high as $ 34 billion ( 1992 USD , $ 57 @.@ 3 billion 2016 USD ) ..
Triple H then hit Flair in the back with a sledgehammer , and Flair did not get to his feet before the referee 's ten count , giving Triple H the win.
Later that day , a deep low to the west and a strong high pressure system to the east caused Lisa to turn northward.
Freshmen may not say the word <unk> , a nickname for sophomores.
On 31 March 1434 , Lichton is found in attendance at the Council of Basel , though no more details of his activities there have survived ..
Heavy rains fell in <unk> Division in southeastern Burma ( Myanmar ) , although because the winds were not strong , there was little damage.
The name was derived from the words " California " , " university " and " cyclotron ".
One day , R.K. Maroon , head of Maroon Cartoon Studios , is concerned about the recent poor acting performances of one of his biggest stars , Roger Rabbit.
Shortly after the new press was introduced , the News @-@ Miner produced its first full @-@ color newspaper.
The band was racially diverse , and included Euclid James " Motorhead " Sherwood who later became a member of the Mothers of Invention.
Due to advance warning , there were only two deaths in Vanuatu , including one when a landslide killed a woman on Malakula island ..
On May 11 , Brewers manager Ned Yost removed Gagné from the closer 's role and decided to use different pitchers in save opportunities.
Willard Gibbs is the type of the imagination at work in the world.
He later collaborated with Varma in scripting Kaun ( 1999 ) and writing dialogues for Shool ( 1999 ).
The same A7 SoC and M7 motion co @-@ processor are also found in the iPad Air and iPad Mini 2 which were released in the same quarter as the iPhone 5S ..
He plays Steve Everett , a journalist and recovering alcoholic , who has to cover the execution of murderer Frank <unk> ( played by Isaiah Washington ).
Straley later continued his role as game director for the downloadable expansion pack The Last of Us : Left Behind ( 2014 ) ..
In April 2005 , UBS lost the landmark discrimination and sexual harassment case , <unk> v. UBS Warburg.
Air Force strong safety Mark Marsh , replaced by converted quarterback Joel <unk> , was pronounced doubtful for the game due to a lower leg injury he suffered in the days leading up to the San Francisco Bowl ..
The reviewers commented on the film 's poetic nature and noted the strong influence of French poet and filmmaker Jean Cocteau.
The statue is the largest single piece in the monument and serves as a focal point.
They are also found in the upper parts of the Burdekin river , somehow having overcome the Burdekin Falls.
Agincourt mounted fourteen BL 12 @-@ inch Mk XIII 45 @-@ calibre guns in seven twin hydraulically powered turrets , unofficially named after the days of the week , starting from Sunday , forward to aft.
Many of the firefighters appearing as extras in " Subway " were Baltimore firefighters.
Each gate weighs 5 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 pounds ( 2 @,@ 300 @,@ 000 kg ) and can be operated manually or automatically.
She was the one the residents of Los Alamos turned to when they needed a puppy , a goose for Oppenheimer 's Christmas dinner , or a doctor who performed abortions.
A short distance later , Routes 371 and 670 enter the community of Pleasant Mount , where the alignment becomes surrounded by residences ..
However , automotive analysts estimate that the Lexus division contributes a disproportionate share of Toyota 's profits , relative to its limited production and sales volume.
Beyoncé asked Frank Ocean to write and record " I Miss You " at MSR , saying to Complex , " [ Jay @-@ Z ] had a CD playing in the car one Sunday when we were driving to Brooklyn.
Twenty Mustangs owned by the Bureau of Land Management were introduced in 1939.
As the work of a successful state official in 16th century England , the artistic value of the Anthony Roll has been described as being characterised by " naive draughtsmanship and conformity to a pattern " though its artistic aspects display " a decent amateur grasp of form and colour ".
Employment by industry was 22 % manufacturing ; 18 % retail ; 10 % construction ; 10 % transport and communications ; 9 % real estate ; 8 % health and social work ; 6 % public administration ; 5 % education ; 5 % hotels and restaurants ; 1 % finance ; 1 % agriculture ; 1 % energy and water supply ; and 4 % other community , social or personal services.
In 1989 the Glee Club spent three weeks touring Asia with concerts in Hong Kong , Japan , and South Korea.
In 2003 , McKellen made a guest appearance as himself on the American cartoon show The Simpsons , in a special British @-@ themed episode entitled " The Regina Monologues " , along with the then UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and author J. K. Rowling.
" The game was played on December 19 , 1998 in the Atlantic City Convention Center , featuring 16 All @-@ Stars and drawing a crowd of about 6 @,@ 000 people.
Prior to the British Industrial Revolution , which saw a rapid economic expansion between 1750 and 1850 , there were signs of small @-@ scale industries scattered throughout Wales.
Steve Miner , associate producer of the first film , believed in the idea , and he ultimately directed the first two sequels after Cunningham opted not to return to the director 's chair ..
Musically , " Oh What a Circus " is a <unk> , and shares its composition with the better known " Don 't Cry for Me Argentina " from the same show , but has a faster tempo and completely different lyrics.
In May 2011 , after time for legal negotiations , the fortune was finally distributed to his descendants.
It also produces speakers , headphones , power strips , mobile accessories and audio devices for automobiles.
The track 's producer Remi together with Vincent Henry and Czech Film Orchestra , provided the " Sins of My Father " instrumentation ..
She replied sarcastically : " Why yes , I always send bibles and philosophy books to my biographers.
These were delivered in 1939 , with 20 ( class E ) being used by Oslo Sporveier mainly on the Kjelsås Line , but also on other services.
Throughout the series , it becomes clear that Mac is her true love , but a range of misadventures prevent their relationship from flourishing.
He further commented that the game is frustrating and rigid when compared to more contemporary standards.
<unk> his criticisms of the lack of significant changes to the game , he described it as " a mouldy time @-@ capsule that will likely mar your memories of the original " ..
" The alternate name <unk> , used by Johann Bayer , is derived from this ..
Written in champu ( mixed prose @-@ verse style ) style , it is the life history of the first Jain tirthankara <unk>.
Joel Robbins of Cambridge University notes that most anthropologists attribute the theology 's appeal to the poor — especially in the Global South — to the fact that it promises security and helps explain capitalism.
" Without You " was followed by " Luv Your Life " , which peaked at number twenty in Australia after its 20 September release.
Predators that eat poisonous lepidopterans may become sick and vomit violently , and so learn to avoid those species.
The story is about the patent battle between inventor Philo Farnsworth and RCA tycoon David Sarnoff for the technology that allowed the first television transmissions in the US ..
Peter Eykemans from IGN echoed similar thoughts , declaring that the motion bloom and blinding light a problem.
The preludes were perhaps not intended to be played as a group , and may even have been used by him and later pianists as generic preludes to others of his pieces , or even to music by other composers , as Kenneth Hamilton suggests : he has noted a recording by Ferruccio Busoni of 1922 , in which the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 is followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5 ..
The settlers often came into conflict with the indigenous inhabitants.
Day @-@ to @-@ day management of the Royal Parks has been delegated to The Royal Parks , an executive agency of the Department for Culture , Media and Sport ( DCMS ).
GameSpot enjoyed the game 's presentation , writing that " it exhibits a level of visual artistry and technical prowess matched or exceeded by few other GameCube games.
Thomas Pitt , 2nd Baron Camelford lived on Bond Street and was unhappy about the presence of the Bond Street Loungers.
The game 's setting of " you 're trapped somewhere and trying to escape " was made to embody two of humanity 's instinctive desires : the unconscious desire to return to the safety of one 's mother 's womb and shut oneself away from the world , and the desire to escape from and overcome one 's current condition.
However , the idea was not acted upon and was shelved by NYSDOT in 1980.
Throughout 1995 and 1996 , Vikram appeared in further Telugu and Malayalam films to receive income , being kept away from Tamil films due to a lack of offers.
Amulets and idols fashioned from assorted natural materials have occupied an important place among many ethnic groups of Madagascar for centuries.
He rescued two German soldiers from a burning tank and was awarded the Iron Cross First Class , as well as the Wound Badge in Black and the Medal for the Care of the German People.
Jim McGrath creates the musical score for each episode using an instrumental version of the theme music.
Military historian Jeremy Black describes the novel reflecting a shift in the balance of world power away from two party Cold War politics.
" Dan Nishimoto of Prefix Magazine said the song had a " 4 / 4 Motown feel on the verses and stuttering drums on the chorus.
Besides , if and only if p is a Wieferich prime , then the period length of 1 / p and 1 / p2 are the same ( in binary ).
The former United States vice president , Confederate general and Confederate secretary of war spent two nights in Biscayne Bay on his journey.
The deal was cemented by the marriage of Muzahim with al @-@ Ikhshid 's daughter Fatima ..
An interchange was planned at Midway Drive , and the western end of the freeway was to be at Sunset Cliffs and Nimitz boulevards.
This type of cellular respiration known as aerobic respiration , is dependent on the presence of oxygen.
In 1701 in Anstruther , Elizabeth Dick had been turned away from the local mill when begging.
The entire affair was more bluster than anything else , and was resolved amicably when Pennsylvania agreed to honor the Connecticut titles ..
A second volume of Nashville sessions , a double album entitled Fast Man Raider Man , was released in June 2006.
The modes shown are ( 5a ) the second longitudinal mode fixed at one end , ( 5b ) the first torsional mode , ( 5c ) the second torsional mode , ( 5d ) the second flexural mode , ( 5e ) first radial expansion mode and ( 5f ) first radially symmetric drumhead mode ..
But , he says , they did not become similar by borrowing directly from each other , only by adapting in similar ways to the Greco @-@ Roman religious environment.
Periyar viewed reasoning as a special tool.
It placed at number eighty @-@ four on the end @-@ of @-@ year R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart.
Its song was described as a " bright and cheerful whistle " and " clear notes " , indicating a similarity to the songs of other starlings ..
Above all , said Twentyman , " he wanted to know if the lad had the heart to play for Liverpool ".
On July 21 the regiment sailed from New Orleans for Texas.
In the 1981 season , he shared closer responsibilities and collected only three saves before the 1981 Major League Baseball strike ended the season ..
Babyface said the performance was terrifying for him : " I was nervous as hell.
Picard lost his original heart during his cadet years when he was stabbed through the chest during a bar brawl , an event that he regrets and led to him becoming the disciplined and restrained man he is today.
Sheffield is best known for its two professional football teams , Sheffield United , known locally as The Blades , and Sheffield Wednesday , known locally as The Owls.
Separately , the Nintendo 3DS version of the game contained a remake of the " Casino Night " level.
Slipknot is known for its chaotic , energetic live shows that contributed to the band 's success.
He starts to tell Jake about his other life , but gets a call from Flame Princess , who says she finally got his joke.
When outside of her dwelling , she wears an astronaut @-@ like suit because she cannot breathe underwater.
After her withdrawal from the Italian route , Princess Matoika was transferred to New York – Bremen service , sailing on her first commercial trip to Germany since before World War I on 14 June.
" He has advocated passing a law allowing for state bankruptcy and expressly ruling out a federal bailout of any states.
The hosts were then bowled out for 89.
On February 25 , the comuneros entered the town and subjected it to a massive looting spree as a reward to the troops.
Although it had been dismissed by USA Today columnist Susan Wloszczyna before its iTunes release as an amuse @-@ bouche that was " destined to be a mere footnote " , it was downloaded nearly 500 @,@ 000 times during its run , and received wide acclaim.
The hits caused extensive flooding and slowed the ship to 12 knots ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ).
Scheyer 's final four college choices were Arizona , Duke , Illinois , and Wisconsin.
Following the increasing importance of immigration as a political issue , in 1993 the party decided to launch the " Austria First ! " initiative ( calling for a referendum on immigration issues ).
Just before the game 's release , Eurogamer published an article comparing the graphics in the God of War III demo to those in the final game , reporting improved lighting and realistic motion blur in the final release ..
He had a 6 – 3 record with a 2 @.@ 41 ERA and 73 strikeouts in 71 innings pitched.
The average house prices in Poole are boosted by those in Sandbanks which had the fourth most expensive house prices in the world in 2000 ; in 2007 the average house price was £ 488 @,@ 761.
During the Great Irish Famine ( 1845 – 1852 ) the Catholic population of Liverpool increased dramatically.
For years , Mew could not be legitimately obtained in the games except from Pokémon distribution events ..
Subsequently , Bosanquet took five quick wickets , including a good catch from his own bowling to dismiss Hill , to reduce Australia to 100 for five.
In Chng Suan Tze v. Minister for Home Affairs ( 1988 ) , the Court of Appeal took the view that an objective test applied to the exercise of discretion conferred by the Internal Security Act ( Cap.
It cost Minori over 100 million yen to produce the Ef series ..
He was dependent on the British for equipment and shipping.
In 1968 , John left her for Japanese avant @-@ garde conceptual artist Yoko Ono and as a result , the couple 's divorce was legally granted on 8 November 1968 on the grounds of John 's adultery with Ono ..
They were beaten 0 – 3 by Japan in the semifinals , but took the bronze medal on 7 August 2012 by edging South Korea out 3 – 0.
In one instance a band @-@ rumped storm petrel was caught as an adult 2 m from its natal burrow.
Croatia proceeded to beat Turkey 3 – 0 on aggregate , with all three goals coming in the away leg in Istanbul , thereby qualifying for the 2012 European championship.
The next match was a Fulfill Your Fantasy Battle Royal match for the WWE Women 's Championship between Molly Holly , Stacy Keibler , Victoria , Gail Kim , Jazz , Nidia , and Trish Stratus , an elimination style match where the last person in the ring is the winner.
Requirements for the secondary armament included a maximum depression of 10 ° , a maximum elevation of 80 ° , and approximate armor values for their mounts ( 80 mm front , 150 mm roof , 50 mm sides ).
After the French conquest of Algeria , Abdelkader El <unk> declared war against France , and requested assistance from Sultan Abd al @-@ Rahman of Morocco.
The Romans considered Saturnus the equivalent of the Greek god Cronus.
Because of his efforts in designing I @-@ 805 , Ed Settle of Caltrans was given the Outstanding Civil Engineering Award from the ASCE ; he designed several other regional freeways , including SR 163 through Balboa Park and I @-@ 5 through San Diego ..
In 2015 , Gabriel recorded the song as a duet featuring Mexican singer Joy Huerta ( of Jesse & Joy ) for his album Los Dúo ..
The university also offers a wide range of first year seminars for incoming freshmen.
Ha 'Sean Clinton @-@ Dix was tied for 30th nationally , 3rd in conference and 1st on the team with five of Alabama 's 18 total interceptions of the season ..
Her temples can also be seen in the Thanjavur district and beyond , to the southern districts of the states of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.
However , observers dismissed government claims that the raids were spontaneous ..
When Edgeworth is called to defend himself against the committee , Mikagami reveals Bansai Ichiyanagi , the head of the investigation committee and Yumihiko 's father , as the auctioneer and the one responsible for legal corruption in his former position as chief prosecutor.
The chemical properties of this silvery gray , crystalline transition metal are intermediate between rhenium and manganese ..
Probably the most prolific Edwardian architect was <unk> from North Devon who settled in the town and was responsible for designing several hundred domestic properties as well as the Market House , Town Hall and Queens Hall.
As a whole , Undone is a guitar @-@ driven album with a pop rock and adult contemporary sound.
From August 17 through 19 , 2008 , Kerrang ! magazine held six listening events across the United Kingdom which included a preview of the documentary supplied with the album 's special edition , and free merchandise.
The manipulation of the emirate [ sic ] by Al Muhanna for such a long time was the result of their ability to serve the interests of the Mamluk state more than any other clan.
The keep of the castle is the only part of the structure remaining intact , although the earthwork remains of the bailey wall are still visible ; some of the ditches visible amongst the earthworks , however , are not medieval , but instead the result of the earlier quarrying of the bailey walls.
Rave music acts as a significant influence on " Too Much " , a disco and synthpop track written by Minogue , Jake Shears , and Calvin Harris.
The report led to Scientology being banned in Victoria , Western Australia and South Australia , and led to more negative publicity around the world.
On 7 August , Wisconsin and her battle group were ordered to deploy in defense of Kuwait for Operation Desert Shield , and they arrived in the Persian Gulf on 23 August.
Let the Blind Lead has been characterized as ambient , psychedelic , and pop music , similar in style to Cox 's previous work with Deerhunter , such as the band 's 2007 album Cryptograms.
One reviewer , in 1892 , wrote : " The world will not rest satisfied till every scrap of her writings , letters as well as literature , has been published " ..
Dolan was sacked in May 2003 , the new board citing financial reasons for his departure.
In 2004 , Knowles married Daniel Smith , eventually giving birth to their son Daniel Julez J. Smith Jr.
Packer reveals to the documentary crew that he spiked the cupcakes with drugs , supposedly as revenge for getting him fired ( though none of the employees present save Nellie had anything to do with his being fired ).
In April 1945 , Furman participated in Operation <unk>.
In addition , she earned a 1997 credit on Playboy : Farrah Fawcett , All of Me for Farrah Fawcett.
Jourdan drubbed Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg at Altenkirchen on 4 June , compelling Archduke Charles to rush to the rescue with reinforcements.
The club were relegated from the Premier League in that season and after a series of indifferent results in the Championship the following term , Jewell and Hutchings left the club in January 2009 , leaving Hamilton to work under Brian Clough 's son Nigel for a short spell.
Mirkin " felt [ Newhart ] was where I belonged.
Nanostructures can be obtained with most above @-@ mentioned techniques , at certain conditions , and also with the vapor @-@ liquid @-@ solid method.
Dyer reacted by becoming increasingly needy and dependent.
A versatile player who possessed both quickness and size , Motley was a force on both offense and defense.
However Red or Black ? individually placed behind both Strictly and Doctor Who , with the overnights for the BBC shows being 7 @.@ 6 and 6 @.@ 0 million , respectively.
MacDonald describes the song as a " satire on authority " that is " imbued with an exuberant interest in life that lifts the spirits , dispersing self @-@ absorption " ..
These two stars are assumed to be at approximately the same distance as Eta Carinae , all formed from the same molecular cloud , but the distances are too great for parallaxes to be reliable.
Rookie director Damien Cockburn ( Steve Coogan ) cannot control them during filming of a large battle scene , and production is reported to be one month behind schedule a mere week into production.
" Wog is such a terrible word , " he said.
Missoula plays host to a variety of intercollegiate , youth , and amateur sports organizations in addition to a Minor league baseball team.
That year , one columnist said , " he sold more records than Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin combined.
Subsequently , they formed Mr. Lady to redress the " lack of enough women and / or dyke run record labels , " which they felt led to an " extremely limited amount of affordable and accessible means for independent artists to distribute their work.
215 ) wrote in a chapter about drinking that he admires those who adopt an austere life and " flee as far as possible from wine , shunning it as they would the danger of fire " , and he suggests the young abstain from wine so as not to inflame their " wild impulses.
Initially pulled by horses , the trolleys were converted to run on electricity in 1892.
Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine considered A Little More Personal ( Raw ) " more consistent than its predecessor , and it 's not a bad listen by any means , but for all the so @-@ called weighty subject matter , there 's not much meat on these bones " ..
The designs also appeared in Spike and Mike 's book Outlaw Animation , written by Jerry Beck.
By late 1971 , she assumed some of First Lady Pat Nixon 's role as a public advocate for volunteerism , visiting regional volunteer centers with other cabinet and administration wives.
Methamphetamine may decrease the effects of sedatives and depressants and increase the effects of antidepressants and other stimulants as well.
These included local television stations , distant television stations , Cable News Network ( CNN ) , Fox News Channel , national magazines , U.S. News , and the New York Times.
The house thinks it over , and eventually opts to destroy itself rather than live with the Simpsons ..
Nine former soviet states became part of the IIHF and began competing in international competitions , including Belarus , Kazakhstan , Latvia and Ukraine.
In terms of parliamentary representation , Royton after the Reform Act 1832 was represented as part of the Oldham parliamentary borough constituency , of which the first Members of Parliaments ( MPs ) were the radicals William Cobbett and John Fielden.
Frequently described as a planet @-@ like moon , Titan 's diameter is 50 % larger than Earth 's natural satellite , the Moon , and it is 80 % more massive.
However , a lower @-@ order counterattack on the second morning saw Australia reach 350 , wicket @-@ keeper Don Tallon scoring 53.
This was spotted by lookouts on shore and Lamellerie took the opportunity to leave port on 26 February , while the British ships were still out of position ..
Moreover , the Gaiety normally only ran productions for two or three weeks ; the run of Thespis was extraordinary for the theatre ..
The bowl had been lent by Peter Frelinghuysen Jr.
This was the start of the revolution.
In its summary of the 1927 season , Wisden named him as Kent 's best batsman and noted an improvement in his defensive technique.
The most famous and largest was Pruitt – Igoe , which opened in 1954 on the northwest edge of downtown and included 33 eleven @-@ story buildings with nearly 3 @,@ 000 units.
Warners went against Curtiz , however , and cast Crawford in the film.
The Longhorns ended the season ranked third in the all @-@ time list of both total wins and winning percentage ( <unk> ) ..
In The Thousand @-@ Year Door , each of Mario 's party members now have their own heart points ( HP ) and may receive any attack that Mario can receive.
During the game , they level up and become more powerful by accumulating experience points through combat.
This was a time that Cap existed in the comics.
Historians , such as Horrox and Pugh , believe Northumberland chose not to aid his king for personal reasons.
It occasionally ranges to lowlands in eastern Bolivia and southwestern Brazil , descends to lowland desert areas in Chile and Peru , and is found over southern @-@ beech forests in Patagonia ..
3rd Parachute Brigade was holding a four @-@ mile ( 6 km ) front , with 9th Parachute Battalion at Le Plein , 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion at Les <unk> and 8th Parachute Battalion in the southern part of the Bois de Bavent.
Along with Dynamic Rockers and Afrika Bambaataa 's Mighty Zulu Kings , they are one of the oldest continually active breaking crews.
California quail , chukar partridges , and mourning doves are also common.
Winds and rainfall from Haruna damaged houses and power systems , and also damaged 265 classrooms and 16 health facilities.
He has defended this , arguing : " I 'm not ashamed of considering it , because his regime goes down in the scale of Pol Pot as one of the worst of all African regimes " ..
The tail appears to have been held well clear of the ground , while the head of Stegosaurus was positioned relatively low down , probably no higher than 1 m ( 3 @.@ 3 ft ) above the ground ..
One of the final scenes is changed through a patch of the PC version that was made available a few days before Portal 2 's announcement ; in this retroactive continuity , Chell is dragged away from the scene by an unseen entity speaking in a robotic voice , thanking her for assuming the " party escort submission position " , revealing the entity to be a " party associate " ..
Busoni also began to publish his concert piano transcriptions of Bach 's music , which he often included in his own recitals.
North Korea was not recognized as a separate country by the IOC who maintained the existence of one Olympic committee.
" The film 's length , 106 minutes , is A level , but its star , Ralph Meeker , had previously appeared in only one major film.
Since the Hassan industrial estate in Irbid , where Salah had factories located , was situated far from the bordering areas , it did not qualify for QIZ status ..
The trunkline continues north into Shiawassee County and runs through Perry before crossing I @-@ 69.
" Really , wonders never cease ! " Deare recalled.
They are known by a number of other names , including nuclear domain 10 ( <unk> ) , Kremer bodies , and PML oncogenic domains.
This was reasonable , but no indications of possible ground targets were given ..
A 1UP.com review noted that the two games have different dynamics and that several actions possible in Ninja Gaiden would be impossible in Castlevania.
Though Judas Priest did not have a top 40 album in the United States until 1980 , for many it was the definitive post @-@ Sabbath heavy metal band ; its twin @-@ guitar attack , featuring rapid tempos and a non @-@ bluesy , more cleanly metallic sound , was a major influence on later acts.
There are many examples that movies that never gained approval with the corporate decision makers were financially successful or became iconic on the film industry.
Bevis , again billed as Britani Knight , debuted for the American all @-@ female promotion Shimmer Women Athletes on 26 March 2011 at the tapings of Volume 37 in Berwyn , Illinois.
He had finally grown into his tall frame.
It was also one of the earliest successful tests of Newtonian physics , and a clear demonstration of its explanatory power.
Elsewhere , the song peaked at number fifty @-@ two in Sweden and eighty @-@ five in France.
Like its predecessor , the film grossed over $ 1 billion worldwide at the box office , making it the second film in the Batman film series to earn $ 1 billion.
According to the Chief of the Zlín Regional Police Department , Jaromír <unk> , the Uherský Brod district units present had enough manpower and equipment , including select @-@ fire rifles , to engage Kovář.
He was then assigned to the 5th Pursuit Group operating out of Lay @-@ Saint @-@ Remy Aerodrome , France.
United Nations agencies became active in Marrakesh beginning in the 1970s , and the city 's international political presence has subsequently grown.
Shortly before 14 : 00 , Lurcher came alongside and took off the wounded German sailors.
" Fanny ultimately rejects her suitor and , after her aunt 's death , marries someone else.
From Miami came the Montells and Evil , whose members knew each other well , and who both at different times used the services of drummer Jeff Allen , who made regular trips to England , and was able to keep both bands abreast on the latest happenings in the London scene.
The game had a worldwide release on November 20 , 2008 , and was also released for Microsoft Windows in March 2009 , and received an international release through digital retailer Steam in April 2009.
The second stage opened on 1 March 2014 , and runs from Zara to Porta Garibaldi station.
At 1800 UTC on March 15 , MFR declared the system extratropical , located approximately 690 mi ( 1 @,@ 110 km ) south @-@ southeast of Rodrigues.
Upon the recommendation of his parents , O 'Halloran moved to Sydney in late 1955 to train with Frank Guthrie in an attempt to qualify for the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , Australia.
Szczęsny Potocki , with the blue sash , looks to the ground , embarrassed.
A magical player , of the people , for the people.
The accompanying promotional video was directed by " Weird Al " Yankovic.
Cultural sociology often involves the hermeneutic analysis of words , artifacts and symbols , or ethnographic interviews.
As Davis pleaded his case that the play could not be reviewed because another play had been run , frustrated fans began throwing plastic beer bottles onto the field.
Stevenson backed Bourbon Democrats ' appeal of that decision to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Ravenscraig Castle in Scotland , for example , was an early attempt in the 1460s to deploy a combination of " letter box " gun @-@ ports and low @-@ curved stone towers for artillery weapons.
This resulted to Hardy being removed from the WWE title match , leaving Triple H and Vladimir Kozlov battling each other one @-@ on @-@ one.
It became Madonna 's fourth number @-@ one single on the Billboard Hot 100 , and performed well internationally , reaching the top position in the United Kingdom and Australia.
Other differences were that Borodino was equipped with economisers for her boilers as well as three @-@ bladed screws , while her sisters lacked economisers and had four @-@ bladed propellers ..
Before the war the intention was to fall back to this position almost immediately , after a concentration phase ( the so @-@ called Case Blue ) in the <unk> <unk> , inspired by the hope that Germany would only travel through the southern provinces on its way to Belgium and leave Holland proper untouched.
In 1998 , SBC merged with Union Bank of Switzerland to form UBS , the largest bank in Europe and the second largest bank in the world.
The five wins raised Beilein 's NIT career record to 13 – 6 ..
Masood threatens to pour petrol over Yusef , though it is only water and leaves him unharmed.
William Waad , Lieutenant of the Tower , asked if he could take £ 50 to pay for Digby 's food and bedding ..
The visit was unsuccessful as England lost the five @-@ match Test series 3 – 0.
A reviewer writing for Home Computing Weekly found the game to be " compulsive " overall , but noted that the game did not live up to the promises made by the description on the packaging.
Millwall Athletic won 2 – 1 at Thames Ironworks ' Memorial Grounds ; their goal scorers were Hugh Goldie and Bert Banks.
These are often large buildings , purpose @-@ built to provide ventilation and low light intensities ( this reduces the birds ' activity and thereby increases the rate of weight gain ).
" Ted Carey , who was there at the time , said that Warhol responded by exclaiming : " Oh that sounds fabulous.
The Lexington men dispatched riders to the surrounding towns , and Revere and Dawes continued along the road to Concord accompanied by Samuel Prescott.
The two then disposed of the murder weapon by burying it at a nearby forested cemetery and abandoned the getaway vehicle.
Some time after the Permian – Triassic extinction event ( 251 @.@ 4 Ma ) , a fungal spike ( originally thought to be an extraordinary abundance of fungal spores in sediments ) formed , suggesting that fungi were the dominant life form at this time , representing nearly 100 % of the available fossil record for this period.
On the night of 4 / 5 December , the Japanese withdrew from their forward positions , leaving behind a large quantity of equipment and their dead.
During the mid @-@ 1930s Andersen attempted to end his criminal career , became engaged , and started a furniture repair business.
The Opening ceremony of the Games showcased the cultural heritage of both the attending continents - Asia and Africa.
That night , Catherine wakes up , experiencing symptoms of the disease.
In 1846 , Henry Poole , credited as creator of the dinner jacket or tuxedo , opened an entrance at 37 Savile Row from his late father 's tailoring premises at 4 Old Burlington Street.
She tells him she is on her way from the airport and asks for his room number.
The main idea behind shooting the film was to make a trailer to show to future investors , but even that was proving to be difficult.
Hankinson rated it the second best performance of the episode.
Tom wears a goofy orange hat at the bar , which he calls " <unk> " , or standing out in a public setting like a peacock.
David 's strong winds caused severe crop damage , mostly to bananas , amounting to $ 50 million ( $ 150 million in 2007 USD ) in losses.
In a bid to keep his position , Reyes accused his chief antagonists of treason and had them imprisoned.
Banded sugar ants have been recorded from elevations ranging from 170 to 853 metres ( 558 to 2 @,@ 800 ft ) ..
The mechanism by which the proteasomal ATPase open this gate has been recently elucidated.
The mobility analogy does not preserve this analogy between impedances across domains , but it does have another advantage over the impedance analogy.
According to the 19th @-@ century Anglesey historian Angharad Llwyd , a church was built here in 610 , dedicated to St Dona , who lived on the sea shore nearby.
By this time , the US 1st Cavalry Division suffered 770 killed , 2 @,@ 613 wounded , 62 captured during its time at Pusan Perimeter.
In the Babad Mataram ( or the History of the Mataram Kingdom ) , the monument was associated with the misfortune of Prince <unk> , the crown prince of the Yogyakarta Sultanate in 1757.
As a photographer , Mahendra was inspired by the works of French New Wave cinematographers such as Néstor <unk> and Michael Chapman.
He pitched in four games for the Giants in spring training but was sent to the minors after posting a 14 @.@ 29 ERA.
Instead , he became a member of the Perry Light Infantry , a regiment of National Guard troops consisting mostly of young Cleveland business men.
However , this depends on when exactly the Spartans held their festival and it is possible that the Spartan calendar was one month ahead of that of Athens.
This was presented by Lady Fabia Stanley in 1875 and was made by Hill and Company of London at a cost of £ 350 ( equivalent to £ 30 @,@ 000 in 2015 ) , An oak document chest in the tower has been dated to 1686.
Turkish sick are given as 64 @,@ 000 ..
All modern Lipizzans trace their bloodlines to these eight stallions , and all breeding stallions have included in their name the name of the foundation sire of their bloodline.
Similar to what they had done with other social issues and in developing their curriculum , the CTW researched the topic of death and how preschoolers understand it.
Border controls are the responsibility of the respective police district.
A signature feature of Parthian architecture was the iwan , an audience hall supported by arches or barrel vaults and open on one side.
The roof over this atrium is a simplified version of Ansary Peace Dove.
She spent her career alternating between the Active and Reserve Squadrons , where she took part in training exercises each year with the rest of the fleet.
The lower back and rump were a dark blue @-@ gray that became grayish @-@ brown on the upper tail @-@ covert feathers.
Another new character , Proto Man , was introduced in a way that the player would be unable to tell if he was an ally or an enemy to Mega Man.
Davison was designed by the Boston architectural firm of Francis Richmond Allen and J. McArthur Vance who were also responsible for the design of its neighbor , Lathrop House , in 1901.
The lyrics for the song " The Universe and You " were written by the attraction 's Creative Director David Cobb and the attraction 's Document Control Coordinator Timothy Bernardi ..
The floor of the nymphaeum is covered by a mosaic depicting the <unk>.
At the same time , the pressure gradient between the trough and a high pressure area over the southeastern United States produced winds of near gale force across the northern Gulf of Mexico.
As a result of this shift , the section of M @-@ 28 / M @-@ 48 in downtown was renumbered M @-@ 28A / M @-@ 48.
Throughout the state , the hurricane inflicted $ 675 @,@ 000 ( 1941 USD ) in damages.
" Appalachian State played their first year of football in the FBS in 2014 and joined the Sun Belt Conference as full members.
However , Amos Barshad of New York magazine actually liked the song , stating that " there ’ s none of the Pussycat Doll ’ s forced sexiness here ; instead , it sounds like something that could have just missed the final cut on a Kelly Clarkson album ( that is sort of supposed to be a compliment , yeah ).
Participants sometimes known as the crew may help the GMs to set up and maintain the environment of the LARP during play by acting as stagehands or playing non @-@ player characters ( NPCs ) who fill out the setting.
Ne @-@ Yo starred in two motion pictures , the long @-@ gestating George Lucas project Red Tails , released in early 2012 , and Battle : Los Angeles , which was released in the United States on March 11 , 2011.
Actual proof of the Milky Way consisting of many stars came in 1610 when Galileo Galilei used a telescope to study the Milky Way and discovered that it is composed of a huge number of faint stars.
The guns could be depressed to − 5 ° and elevated to 18 °.
One of her shots hit the Tennessee and broke the armor and its wooden backing so that daylight was visible through the side of the casemate.
Archaeopteryx feathers , although less documented than its other features , were very similar in structure to modern @-@ day bird feathers.
In Byzantine Greek , they were named <unk> and they served as a unit of the Byzantine army listed alongside the Varangian Guard , which was of Scandinavian origin ..
Five players from the Pros received awards.
Writing for the foundation , Jim O 'Neal noted that " regardless of mythology and rock ' n ' roll renditions , Johnson 's record was indeed a powerful one , a song that would stand the test of time on its own ".
The build of the Welsh Springer Spaniel should be slightly off square , meaning that the length of the dog should be slightly greater than the height at the withers.
Temuera Morrison portrays Jango Fett , a Mandalorian bounty hunter who provides his DNA to use for cloning purposes in the creation of the clone army.
Use of the <unk> photometer at the La Silla Observatory 's 1 @.@ 2 m Leonhard Euler Telescope on March 29 , 2008 provided further evidence for an exoplanet by better defining the transit 's curve.
Concerns that low attendance could result in the relocation of the team surfaced by 1976 , prompting politicians and the players themselves to purchase tickets in a bid to stabilize the franchise.
Jagdgeschwader 2 ( JG 2 ) and Jagdgeschwader 27 ( JG 27 ) engaged RAF fighters near the Isle of Wight as the bombers left British air space.
According to two studies of the <unk> flora of these regions , more species were discovered in the subantarctic forests , for example 67 species in Argentinian Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego , and 22 on high ground on Macquarie Island ..
Zoth said that in later episodes , he liked the relationship Akane established with Masaoka and Ginoza , which resulted in several interesting scenes.
After No Way Out , The Hardys qualified for the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania 23 but were unsuccessful in winning the match , as Mr. Kennedy won it.
She was placed in the third heat during the August 16 qualification round , which included seven athletes in total.
The circus was still based out of the Hillcrest Recreation Center 's gym , and had to work around the schedule of the other regular activities in the facility.
This greatly upset Chima , who stated on numerous occasions afterwards that she was debating walking from the game.
During his childhood , Leon became interested in the subjects of mathematics and science , and also developed , as per him , a keen interest in " the visual aspect of movies ".
Exceptions are some of the concerts in the Victory Tour , where he held his hat up and threw it afterwards.
In 1981 , DFB official Horst R. Schmidt was invited to send a team to the unofficial women 's football world championship.
A petroleum additive gives the compound a smooth feel , and borax prevents mold from developing.
It is a brown dwarf of magnitude 15 @.@ 14 and spectral class <unk> With a proper motion of 5 @.@ 1 arcseconds per year , it is the 24th closest star to Earth overall ..
Pocket PC 2000 , originally codenamed " Rapier " , was released on April 19 , 2000 , and was based on Windows CE 3 @.@ 0.
The Super Deluxe Edition was packaged in a hardbound book with a lenticular cover , liner notes by David Fricke and newly reimagined album artwork designed by Josh Graham.
The leaders , including Kyle Busch , who took the lead before the caution , made pit stops for tires and fuel ..
Nevertheless , the effects of the action on the wider war were hugely important.
It was not until 9 September that they reached the Busu River.
In 1903 , Poundstone 's designs began receiving attention from American naval authorities.
It is to be compared and contrasted with other scientific theories in its explanatory success , accuracy , and ability to allow people to make correct predictions about the future.
Deep Impact observed Comet <unk> ( C / 2009 P1 ) from February 20 to April 8 , 2012 , using its Medium Resolution Instrument , through a variety of filters.
In a new subplot , Grimsby holds a contest inviting all the princesses in the land for a singing competition for Eric to choose his bride ; Ariel cannot sing , but she dances for Eric , and he chooses her.
However , despite many messages , gifts , and emissaries over the course of several decades , the often @-@ proposed alliance never came to fruition ..
The disturbance was upgraded into Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ Three on 0000 UTC September 28.
The Clays became the first twins to win a Boat Race ..
The maximum tonnage limit was set at 16000 long tons , the same weight as the mixed @-@ battery Connecticut class of two years prior , in an attempt to stem the rising displacement — and accompanying costs — of the Navy 's new capital ships.
Visitors and local residents still take every opportunity during the warmer months to float down the river from the area known as " The Rocks " some 600 metres upstream from the main beach area ..
" Mission " is the key ..
Furthermore , chroniclers also report a story whereby Andronikos III attempted to seduce Syrgiannes 's wife.
Iwata subsequently expanded his blue ocean strategy by defining a quality of life product line for the Wii that later evolved into a ten @-@ year business strategy to create stand @-@ alone products.
Panic extended across the nation as vast numbers of people withdrew deposits from their regional banks ..
The Commission met in February and the eight Republicans voted to award all 20 electoral votes to Hayes.
Loki responds that , even if this is so , he was " first and foremost " at the killing of Þjazi.
Recording sessions for the score began on April 12 , 1982 at the Warner Bros. lot , The Burbank Studios and continued until April 15.
Their forward conning towers were protected by 300 mm ( 12 in ) on the sides , while the rear conning towers had 140 mm ( 5 @.@ 5 in ) worth of armor ..
Divide Meadow generally receives the most snow with a record depth of 222 inches ( 560 cm ) in 1972.
He singled out the depiction of the Mukden Incident for particular praise , thinking it " a marvellous example of political satire ".
Wilson endured these religious differences for several months before deciding that the affronts and errors were serious enough to require a response.
When Congress passed a compromise measure in 1928 , Coolidge declined to take credit for it and signed the bill in private on May 15 ..
The pope ordered Puiset to compel the king to obey , but in 1183 the controversy was solved by a compromise ..
The Ring of Brodgar lies about 1 @.@ 2 kilometres ( 0 @.@ 75 mi ) to the north @-@ west , and Maeshowe is a similar distance to the east.
Sensing the importance of the two quick wickets , in particular that of Bradman , who had been so productive at Headingley , the crowd erupted.
" The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , described the episode as " Lisa at her crusading best , Homer at his stupidest and Abe getting all the best lines again , especially at Krusty Burgers.
As a general account of the cause of tides , however , his theory was a failure ..
" In the following days , " he predicted , " further deterioration of the entire security and political situation is expected.
He died in November 1849 and , while his work enjoyed a brief boom in popularity , interest in him declined over time , and by the end of the 19th century all of his paintings had fallen below their original prices ..
Following the conclusion of the series in 2011 , Felton appeared in the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , a reboot of the Planet of the Apes series.
Although resembling the language spoken in northern England , it became a distinct dialect from the late 14th century onwards.
After many poor live shows , which Blur members often performed while drunk — in particular one at a 1992 gig that featured a well @-@ received performance by Suede on the same bill — Blur were in danger of being dropped by Food ..
She was inducted into the Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame in 2012.
Originating in the Austrian Tyrol , it depicts Mary and the Christ @-@ Child , and is based on a painting by Lucas Cranach the Elder ..
In fact , Squall and the heroes do help Ultimecia start Time Compression , but they do so to confront her in her own time.
In the 1965 @-@ 66 Ashes series , illness dogged his performance initially.
Taking a detailed look at the internal head skeleton of Tiktaalik roseae , in the October 16 , 2008 , issue of Nature , researchers show how Tiktaalik was gaining structures that could allow it to support itself on solid ground and breathe air , a key intermediate step in the transformation of the skull that accompanied the shift to life on land by our distant ancestors ..
McCartney spoke about the offer at a press conference in April 1990 , explaining that Ono " actually said ' I think we can get it for 5.
Nearly 185 @,@ 000 homes were damaged or destroyed by the storm 's high winds or flash flooding.
Shortly thereafter , <unk> began to focus on his teaching career at the Polytechnic Institute of Odessa , and he did not pursue the element further ..
They don 't merely go to a concert to perform and get it over with , they aim to grow their cult and seek recognition – and they do this by putting on a badass concert.
His oldest son , Neil Philip was a lawyer , practicing in Vegreville and Edmonton.
Walker called the concept behind the ESL @-@ 63 <unk> , being the acronym for " Full @-@ Range Electrostatic <unk> " ..
The county seat of St. Jones ( renamed Kent County in 1681 ) is at Dover ..
The U.S. print and billboard advertising showed models wearing only the Wonderbra.
Yankovic was inspired to write the song after he heard The Kinks ' song " Lola " while driving in his car one day.
Shearman felt that the episode featured very little plotting , consisting simply of " a series of set pieces " , but considered its wit and character development to adequately compensate for this ..
Three men from the audience were selected to perform " Debate de 4 " with Santos.
In autumn 1928 , an early frost reduced farm incomes by between ten and 25 percent.
Quamby is supposedly an aboriginal word - although its meaning is not certain.
Marge , however , asks Homer not to buy one until they figure out how to help Lisa.
Braid features licensed music from <unk> artists Cheryl Ann Fulton , Shira Kammen and Jami Sieber.
It has also been found growing on <unk> in North Africa.
On February 22 , 1847 , Davis fought bravely at the Battle of Buena Vista and was shot in the foot , being carried to safety by Robert H. Chilton.
Taft 's name was placed in nomination by Warren Harding , whose attempts to praise Taft and unify the party were met with angry interruptions from progressives.
A number of countries such as France , Japan and China are involved in various Angkor Wat conservation projects.
Suffren began her sea trials in November 1903 , but was not commissioned until 3 February 1904.
Bacon , now in royal favour , became Lord Chancellor on 3 March 1617 and set up a commission to purge the Reports , also using his authority to expand the powers of the High Commission.
Johnson took his 50th wicket for the tour during the fixture and was on 57 by the end of the game , the 18th of 31 first @-@ class matches on the tour ..
Europe is our home ! " Upon arrival back in Greece , she was greeted by crowds of fans at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport and the National Fire Brigade created a water @-@ jet archway for her airplane , suggestively bearing the number " 001 " , to pass through after it had landed.
This is so vibrant that art historians refer to Voroneţ blue the same way they do Titian red.
" However , they added that the last scenes , along with Johns ' cameo , were " pure joy " , even though the episode " drag [ s ] in the middle " ..
Rothbard 's colleague Joseph Stromberg notes that Rothbard made two exceptions to his general condemnation of war : " the American Revolution and the War for Southern Independence , as viewed from the Confederate side.
He was satisfied by the game 's ending and loved its story , style , and characters , but grew tired of the game 's " endless chains of chambers , these easily @-@ defeated enemies , this total lack of strategy ".
The <unk> was established in 1880 on the larger western part of the site ..
During the day 's action , the ship was hit twice , but was only lightly damaged.
Drake began to smoke cannabis , and that spring he travelled with friends to Morocco , because , according to travelling companion Richard <unk> , " that was where you got the best pot ".
The source told him that officials were planning to burn numerous archive documents , among them " something [ Straczynski ] should see ".
Upon seeing Scarponi make the juncture to him , he had been careful not to expend too much effort and leave himself fresh for the eventual sprint.
In 1970 Walton composed Improvisations on an Impromptu of Benjamin Britten , based on a theme from Britten 's Piano Concerto.
As of September 30 , 2015 , Super Mario 64 DS has sold 11 @.@ 06 million copies worldwide ..
A music video for " Miserable at Best " , directed by Mark Staubach , was released on January 9 , 2009 on the band 's Myspace.
It was a process — with the writers — of honing the script , making it better.
She was not ready for combat operations by the start of Operation Weserübung , so she was used as a troop transport for the attack on Kristiansand.
The three ships , Audacious , Vanguard , and Invincible , with balanced rudders were described as unmanageable under sail alone ..
The British force under Commodore Josias Rowley was tasked with the blockade and eventual capture of the two well defended island bases of the French , Île Bonaparte and Isle de France.
In May 1317 , Charles 's army suppressed the Abas ' revolt , seizing Ungvár and <unk> Castle ( present @-@ day Uzhhorod and <unk> Castle in Ukraine ) from them.
Mitochondrial variation in living African lions seemed to be modest according to some newer studies ; therefore , all sub @-@ Saharan lions have sometimes been considered a single subspecies.
In 1879 , the University of Michigan became the first school west of Pennsylvania to establish a college football team.
The gap remained around the three @-@ minute mark until 40 km ( 24 @.@ 9 mi ) to go , when it was gradually brought back by the peloton.
In an interview for Down Beat in 2011 , Taborn described his improvising style , particularly for solo piano.
Epacris impressa , also known as common heath , is a plant of the heath family , Ericaceae , that is native to southeast Australia ( the states of Victoria , Tasmania , South Australia and New South Wales ).
Art Johnson re @-@ mortgaged his home for $ 8000 to pay for the expenses of the Norwegians.
The database launched in 2012 and is a collaboration with libraries that are digitizing art history books.
After being showcased at the Penny Arcade Expo 2010 , Super Meat Boy was declared Game of the Show by Destructoid and nominated for the same award by Machinima.com. The game received nominations for the Grand Prize and Excellence in Audio awards at the 2010 Independent Games Festival.
He concluded that " It ’ s that blend of new beginnings and closing circles that makes ' <unk> ' an effective second @-@ to @-@ last chapter of The Office ".
Both Silent Stream of Godless Elegy and Eluveitie boast eight members each while the line up of Mägo de Oz totals nine performers.
Another guest star is Ona Grauer , previously known for playing the Ancient <unk> in Stargate SG @-@ 1 's " Frozen " and Stargate Atlantis 's " Rising " ..
Storm surge in North Carolina peaked at 5 @.@ 3 feet ( 1 @.@ 6 m ) in Wrightsville Beach.
Fighters Wanderlei Silva and Mauricio Rua were notable practitioners of the soccer kick in MMA.
As the war progressed , groups of detainees were transferred to and from other prisons according to their behaviour or level of risk and the number of inmates per institution.
It 's just a matter of time , " he said ..
Collins played the drums and performed backing vocals for Band Aid 's UK number one hit in 1984 , " Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " ..
The fungus — limited in distribution to California — fruits almost exclusively with Monterey and bishop pine , two trees with small and scattered natural ranges concentrated in the West Coast of the United States.
He continued nevertheless to develop his ideas , and over the next seven years — in The Robots ' Rebellion ( 1994 ) , And the Truth Shall Set You Free ( 1995 ) , The Biggest Secret ( 1999 ) , and Children of the Matrix ( 2001 ) — he set out a worldview that combined New Age spiritualism with a denunciation of totalitarian trends in the modern world.
The Sheriff 's Department alleges that three days earlier , Jones had struck a man from behind as several people , including Jones , came toward the man and his friends , with Jones ' companions carrying baseball bats.
Since 2011 the club have won six major honours , including the Premier League in 2012 and 2014 ..
Actress <unk> Nair , who made her debut with <unk> <unk> ( 2011 ) , changed her screen name to Mohana because she liked the character.
Buckles was the Honorary Chairman of the World War I Memorial Foundation , which seeks refurbishment of the District of Columbia War Memorial and its establishment as the National World War I Memorial on the National Mall.
However , Shoshone National Forest is located in and near some of the largest mountain ranges in the state , and consequently receives anywhere between 15 and 70 in ( 380 and 1 @,@ 780 mm ) annually.
His own recommendations to the Prussians for greater controls on freedom of speech was equally hard for other powers such as Britain to support openly ..
" Estimates of the number of striking workers across the U.S. range from 300 @,@ 000 to half a million.
The " Vishnu is Shiva " and " all is Shiva " theme repeats in verse 4 @.@ 32 , which declares , " The Guru is Shiva , the Veda is Shiva , the Deva is Shiva , the Lord is Shiva , I Varaha am Shiva , all is Shiva , other than Shiva there is naught " ..
Palace finished runners @-@ up no less than three times , and when the 1939 – 40 season ended , Palace were sitting fourth.
He assembled an Indian cavalry loyal to the Confederacy and led them in battle at Pea Ridge , where his poor leadership and inability to keep the cavalry engaged with the enemy was a contributing factor to the Confederate 's loss.
According to manager Brett <unk> in an interview with HitQuarters , Madonna 's label Maverick " really wanted to sign the band in the worst possible way , even to the point where I had to tell Madonna that I couldn ’ t put her on the phone with Jimmy Pop.
A proposal for the county to put in $ 350 @,@ 000 was voted down by a 16 – 2 margin.
George visited Russia again in 1867 to meet with his sister Dagmar , who had married Tsarevitch Alexander ( later Alexander III ) the year before.
This made it , at the time , the highest rated season of The X @-@ Files to air.
This provided local contributors to Romanian literature contact with older cultural models , directly inspiring the experimental or Postmodern prose pieces by Vlad <unk> and Leo <unk>.
Farther north , the route crosses the Power Line Trail ..
" Chotiner himself said of the campaign against Douglas , " We only stated the facts.
The concept was authored by Atari co @-@ founder Nolan Bushnell , credited with bringing video games such as Pong to the mainstream.
In Polish economic politics new lasting trends were initiated , such as the emphasis on individual initiative , personal aspirations and competition , which some interpreted as an attack on egalitarianism ( social inequalities were indeed increasing ).
George Rolleston had conducted an examination on another skull — called the Ashmolean skull — after claims that it was Cromwell 's head.
Because of their friendship with Sukumar , neither Rathnavelu nor Prasad charged any remuneration for his maiden production venture Kumari 21F.
The show had been so dark and bleak , and Jim and I feel that there is a side to the paranormal that 's very hopeful.
The following month , Toho released the second trailer for the first film , and announced the second installment will be called Attack on Titan : End of the World.
At 5 : 40 they opened fire again on the German battlecruisers.
As an example of the meeting house style used by the Society of Friends , the Benjaminville building is representative of an architectural type that remained virtually unchanged from the colonial American period through the 19th century.
Here , NY 221 changes direction again , following a northeasterly path out of the hamlet.
The entire Loyalist Teaching survives only in manuscripts from the New Kingdom , although the entire first half is preserved on a Middle Kingdom biographical stone stela commemorating the Twelfth dynasty official <unk>.
The 19th century was the period that saw a majority of women 's issues come under the spotlight and reforms began to be made.
As the series progressed , there were more difficulties with the relationship ; Brenton wrote Tom 's position as if the character did not see the problem.
A Dick Lilley hit to square leg looked likely to clear the boundary.
It is the fourth installment of the Terminator film series.
The hardnose shark is a slim @-@ bodied species with a long , narrow , and pointed snout.
Norman Spencer Chaplin was born malformed , and died three days later.
In 1895 , Joyce , now aged 13 , was elected to join the Sodality of Our Lady by his peers at Belvedere.
Several critics have stated that below @-@ average service prevents the restaurant from getting a higher rating.
Seydlitz arrived on the scene by 15 : 10 , while Ariadne succumbed to battle damage and sank.
Kocharyan remained highly unpopular in Armenia as a poll in August 2002 showed at least three other politicians ( Stepan Demirchyan , Artashes <unk> , Levon Ter @-@ Petrosyan ) having more support than him.
Following an inconclusive engagement off Île Ronde on 22 October 1794 , the French squadron on Île de France had remained under blockade at Port Louis and thus most of the British naval forces in the East Indies were available for the campaign against the Batavian territories.
Minnesota was armed with a main battery of four 12 @-@ inch ( 300 mm ) guns and a secondary battery of twenty 7 and 8 in ( 178 and 203 mm ) guns , unlike Dreadnought , which carried an all @-@ big @-@ gun armament that rendered ships like Minnesota obsolescent ..
Later , US 12 was moved after the completion of I @-@ 94 in southern Michigan.
Across the state , Easy caused $ 3 million in damage ( 1950 USD ) , the total was less than expected , due to the sparse population of the affected area.
The first practical realisation of the metric system came in 1799 , during the French Revolution , when the existing system of measure , which had fallen into disrepute , was temporarily replaced by a decimal system based on the kilogram and the metre.
It was Thucydides 's judgement that Themistocles was " a man who exhibited the most indubitable signs of genius ; indeed , in this particular he has a claim on our admiration quite extraordinary and unparalleled " ..
A flight of semicircular steps descends to the terrace.
That night , Cena was placed into a WWE Tag Team Championship match , with him teaming with The Miz , where they defeated Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater to become WWE Tag Team Champions.
In 1764 , Gage sent two expeditions into the west to crush the rebellion , rescue British prisoners , and arrest the Native Americans responsible for the war.
On August 19 , 2007 , a demo of the game was leaked to internet download sites ; Climax promptly denied they were the source of the leaked content ..
The 29th ID currently serves as the Domestic All @-@ Hazards Response Team ( DART ) in FEMA Regions 1 through 5 ( states east of the Mississippi ).
The same talent was believed to be found in persons born on Saturday.
These upgrades allowed GM to triple the rate of Volt production and prepared the plant for 2012 Volt and Ampera production.
However , his greatest praise is reserved for Plato , whose apophatic views of God prefigure Christianity ..
The risk of death in hepatorenal syndrome is very high ; consequently , there is a significant emphasis on the identification of patients who are at risk for HRS , and prevention of triggers for onset of HRS.
Those who managed to retreat down the neighbouring valley were ambushed by Spanish cavalry who had been posted to block the exit from the cave , the survivors were captured and brought back to the city.
MTV writer Eliot Glazer said that , " even as a mom with two kids , Britney still manages to ooze sex appeal in " Beautiful , " cementing her place as the world 's number one MILF ".
During Daniels ' 29 @-@ month tenure in the position , the projected federal budget surplus of $ 236 billion declined to a $ 400 billion deficit , due to an economic downturn , and failure to enact spending cuts to offset the tax reductions ..
Robert Christgau gave the album a one @-@ star honourable mention ( ) and quipped , " Let Green Eyes dump him for real and we 'll see how long he hums in the void.
In August , he batted .403 with a <unk> OBP , both tied for third in the NL.
He finds the books in Lisa 's locker and realizes she is the culprit.
Born in Hobart , Tasmania , Brownell was working as a clerk with a firm of accountants when he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force on the outbreak of the First World War.
The US 27A through Alma was also bypassed by the new freeway , and it was redesignated Bus.
This speed was chosen to make it possible to get from Oslo Central Station to Oslo Airport , Gardermoen in less than 20 minutes.
This time , she gets to be the train wreck.
There are species records from as deep as 172 m ( 564 ft ) , as well as a single dubious record from 355 m ( 1 @,@ 165 ft ) down on the continental slope.
Husayn abandoned Aleppo to the Egyptian , who then visited the exiled Caliph at Raqqah.
He returned to Vietnam in December 1967 and made speeches and proposals on the subject , one of which presaged Nixon 's eventual policy of Vietnamization.
The work finishes with selections of scripture supporting Clement 's argument , and following a prayer , the lyrics of a hymn ..
In 1950 , professor Elias Wessén and the county custodian of antiquities requested that it be removed for better analysis together with three other runestones , but the request was rejected by the Royal Board of Construction ( KBS ) because of safety concerns ..
Ed Boon had stated that they would have been updating Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe periodically with new content all the way up to the release of the next installment of the Mortal Kombat series : " I 'd like to have [ DLC ] as soon as possible.
Cardus felt that much of the old ethos had departed , and that his once @-@ sacrosanct copy was now at the mercy of subeditors.
Icke adds that the Protocols were not the work of the Jewish people , but of Zionists ..
As of 2011 , there were 4 @,@ 205 members of visible minorities in the city.
The three principal parties were Great Britain , France , and the United States.
This " indiscreet bishop ... friar " was , of course , Clement.
This often left him reliant on an unselfish inside @-@ right partner willing to fetch and carry the ball for him without expecting much in terms of goals or glory in return.
This is however not a final argument , given the nature of Dostoyevsky 's work as polyphonic.
Beforehand , McG wanted to hire Gustavo Santaolalla to work on the music for the human characters , while having either Thom Yorke or Jonny Greenwood for Skynet 's themes.
Meanwhile , Susan begins investigating Mary Alice 's suicide after she and her friends discover a blackmail note addressed to her.
Napoleon entered the city , assuming its fall would end the war and Alexander would negotiate peace.
Instructions on the box say : " Pull my street stand from the box , so I have a spot to hang out.
With worldwide earnings of over ₹ 1 billion ( US $ 15 million ) , Raanjhanaa was a commercial success and Kapoor received her first nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress ..
The Lauder family owned the island for almost six centuries , and it now belongs to Sir Hew Dalrymple whose family purchased it in 1701.
During the presentation , graphic designer Dorotea Benedetti becomes hostile towards Cayce as she rejects the first proposal.
In 1995 , after scrapping plans for his own variety show , he starred as Bill McNeal in the NBC sitcom NewsRadio.
In a two @-@ hour engagement that took place after hours of manoeuvring , the lines of the two fleets did not completely meet , with only the forward and center sections of the lines fully engaging.
Governor Desha 's reputation was further tarnished because of a pardon issued to his son.
In February , she suffered a fall at her Bel Air home and was taken to St. John 's Health Center in Santa Monica , California.
Alliance fares and sales products generated $ 5 billion , € 2 @.@ 5 billion in revenue alone , with two @-@ thirds or almost $ 3 billion , € 1 @.@ 5 billion would not have been generated if the alliance did not exist.
Satin was fired from the Programme soon after the appearance of the second edition of the Manual , which had a print run of 20 @,@ 000.
Series creator Shu Takumi , who wrote the game 's scenario and took on a supervisory role for the production , had wanted the series to end with Trials and Tribulations , as he felt that Phoenix 's character had been explored fully ; when it was decided that the game would get made , he wanted it to have a new main character with a new story , and wanted Phoenix to not make an appearance.
The Dougy Center , The National Center for Grieving Children & Families is a nonprofit organization based in Portland , Oregon that offers support groups and services to grieving children and young adults.
However , Palace emerged from the half @-@ time interval with a sense of purpose , and within a minute of the restart were level with Bright equalising.
The family had been briefly separated in April 1918 when the Bolsheviks moved Nicholas , Alexandra , and Maria to Yekaterinburg.
Critics praised the song for the group 's demeanour although some regarded it as inferior in comparison to the album 's other tracks ..
The long snout has a narrowly parabolic shape and large nostrils preceded by small , nipple @-@ shaped flaps of skin.
" On 25 August 2013 , a new 4 @,@ 480 square foot prayer platform named " Azarat Yisrael Plaza " was completed as part of this plan , with access to the platform at all hours , even when the rest of the area 's archeological park is closed to visitors.
As Megadeth had already hired Menza , Darrell declined to join the band ..
Early that year he also played excerpts from War and Peace to members of the Bolshoi Theatre collective.
On Saturday , May 1 , thousands of workers went on strike and rallies were held throughout the United States , with the cry , " Eight @-@ hour day with no cut in pay.
As president of the college , Tori Haring @-@ Smith has specifically criticized the U.S. News & World Report rankings system , noting that the " financial resources " portion of the rankings formula favors colleges that have higher tuition , even without providing any educational benefits , saying that this has harmed the college 's ranking because it charged $ 5 @,@ 000 to $ 7 @,@ 000 less in tuition that its peer institutions.
The two were self @-@ confessed " wild boys " , camping and hiking in the woods and hills , where Hand developed a love of nature and the countryside.
Hours later , the system made landfall in Dry Tortugas , Florida.
David continued to strengthen , becoming a hurricane on August 27.
Bessas withdrew with his forces to Spoleto ..
Brooks mentored Cameron Crowe and was the executive producer of Crowe 's directorial debut Say Anything ... ( 1989 ) and produced his later film Jerry Maguire ( 1996 ).
This first major redesign of the Chicago Spire was criticized by architectural critics and city officials ..
Agricultural Research Service entomologists identified them as rhinoceros beetle , <unk> beetle , and king stag beetle.
This report , however , was preceded by other descriptions of hypoventilation in obesity.
The term " hoochie coochie " , with variations in the spelling , is used in different contexts.
When he celebrated his 82nd birthday in February 1915 , he enjoyed dinner with his close friends at his Bae Mar Place home.
As of 2007 , the cost to build the dam would be about $ 10 billion.
In the Eastern Conference , three teams progressed to the playoffs with fewer than 95 points : the New York Rangers ( 94 ) , the Tampa Bay Lightning ( 93 ) and the New York Islanders ( 92 ) ..
Since 1851 , a total of 81 tropical storms and hurricanes formed in the month of June.
It began moving into Iraq in early November ..
On March 10 , Donaline became extratropical and was absorbed by a cold front two days later ..
In 1804 he received the Officer cross of Legion of Honour , and the next year , the Italian Order of the Iron Crown.
Of the three major franchises they currently own ( Maple Leafs , Raptors and Toronto FC ) , only the Maple Leafs have ever won a championship , but not since their 1967 Stanley Cup ..
Unable to offer any effective resistance to the Abbasid advance , the emperor returned to Constantinople.
Composer Ron Jones , who has worked on the series since its inception , returned to compose the music for " Welcome Back , Carter ".
Different , inert versions of the bomb were tested at Reculver , leading to the development of the operational version known as " Upkeep ".
Under the proposed changes , " Terms that are generic are never <unk> as trademarks and are never <unk> " ..
" Ghani stood by his comments , declaring that the proponents of Bangsa Malaysia were also advocating a " Malaysian Malaysia " , as Lee Kuan Yew had , even though " the government has rejected it from the start.
<unk> slowed considerably while Meseret Mengistu , Joyce Chepkirui and Fate Tola were the next to gradually lose contact with the front runners.
The police began to search for the forger of the letters , but were unsuccessful until Edwards attempted to distract their attention to an acquaintance , Alexander Powell , who happened to look much like him.
Disciple , author , and onetime Crowley secretary Israel Regardie prefers to attribute this voice to the subconscious , but opinions among Thelemites differ widely.
" It was really just a gag shot " , effects artist Charlie Mullen explained , " the idea that people in the future would be playing an old war game.
She also worked in New York City as a restaurant hostess and an intern at an advertising agency ..
Canada met Russia in a rematch of the 2008 final , however St. Louis and his teammates were again relegated to the silver medal , dropping a 2 – 1 decision.
From Balmoral , she wrote to her husband criticising the childishness of his letters : " [ i ] f my children wrote me such childish letters – only short accounts – of where and what they had eaten or where they had been etc.
In 2007 , a group of Iraqi Kurdish families stayed in UN Barracks in New Belgrade ..
He received his final Brownlow vote in Round 7 , 2008 , in Melbourne 's win over Fremantle.
In direct response to the Communist uprising , the Germans decreed that 100 Serbian civilians would be executed for every German soldier killed and 50 would be executed for every German soldier wounded.
According to Branco , the show 's past writing teams had proposed creating a Marty and Todd love story , but it never happened , mostly because Haskell and Howarth had refused to participate.
Opposite the entrance is the Blessed Sacrament Chapel , above which is the organ.
Appian Way Productions was founded by Leonardo DiCaprio.
The story features a theme of working through the troubles of one 's past , and ends with a major cliffhanger ..
' Chennai Express ' is a pleasant and likeable film in parts.
In 2005 , Forbes ranked Seattle as the most expensive American city for buying a house based on the local income levels.
Patients often mutilated their tongues , lips , and cheeks.
The British fighters claimed to have shot down five Ju 87s , with the fleet 's anti @-@ aircraft fire claiming three others.
Alfredson felt that the film could not deal with such a serious theme as pedophilia in a satisfying manner , and that this element would detract from the story of the children and their relationship.
The cave @-@ dwelling predators capture crustaceans under 1 mm ( 0 @.@ 039 in ) long by entangling them with fine threads , digest them by enveloping them with further threads over the course of a few days , and then return to their normal shape ; there is no evidence that they use venom ..
The sacred Shankaracharya temple , also known as <unk> , occupies the top of the hills ( about 1 @,@ 000 feet ( 300 m ) above the surrounding Takht @-@ I @-@ Sulaiman plains in the south @-@ east of Srinagar.
Written in the key of G minor , the beat is set in common time and moves at a moderate 91 beats per minute.
Tirpitz and the destroyers were back in port by 12 March.
He suggested giving them three and a half months a year and inviting Carlo Maria Giulini to take charge for a similar length of time.
The agents narrowly escape the explosion ..
Katy retorts that he is not kissing her bellybutton , meaning that he is actually kissing her vulva , but also says she does not want Moe to stop ..
The screenplay itself was not finished until rather late in pre @-@ production , well after a production schedule and budget had been created by Kazanjian and Marquand had been hired , which was unusual for a film.
The system moved generally southwestward , dissipating on July 23 due to wind shear.
A mantle plume would initiate at the interface when the warmer lower layer heats a portion of the cooler upper layer.
Zaillian commented , " A rapist , or at least our rapist , is about exercising his power over somebody.
If " his advice to [ his son ] Laertes is very excellent , and his advice to the King and Queen on the subject of Hamlet 's madness very ridiculous " , that is " because [ Shakespeare ] kept up the distinction which there is in nature , between the understandings and the moral habits of men.
Like many ex @-@ Army officers , he tended to see air power in the tactical role , providing support to land operations.
He became disenchanted by Hyndman 's inability to work with other socialist groups , and in about 1903 resigned from the SDF to join the Independent Labour Party ( ILP ).
Souk <unk> contains stalls which specialize in lemons , <unk> , capers , pickles , green , red , and black olives , and mint , a common ingredient of Moroccan cuisine and tea.
These are used to calculate the member 's eligibility for membership renewal , upgrade or downgrade during the membership year.
Peter Morgan was due to return as the writer , Stephen Frears was signed on as director and Harries suggested to Mirren that she play the Queen.
Healing typically does not occur on its own.
The roadway continues north as a municipal street to Main Street , which heads northwest through the Westminster Historic District ..
The National Institute of Neurological and <unk> Disorders and Stroke ( NINCDS ) and the Alzheimer 's Disease and Related Disorders Association ( ADRDA , now known as the Alzheimer 's Association ) established the most commonly used NINCDS @-@ ADRDA Alzheimer 's Criteria for diagnosis in 1984 , extensively updated in 2007.
1570 ) and Crichton Castle , built for the Earl of Bothwell in 1580s ..
Aft , it terminated at a seven @-@ inch bulkhead.
The police and army broke up the demonstration by firing guns at and throwing grenades into the gathering , leaving nine people dead ..
These brain sites are the main places of neuronal degeneration in PD ; however , Lewy bodies may not cause cell death and they may be protective.
When these ships returned , Sercey had already sailed for the east , leaving instructions for the frigates to follow.
" A few weeks later , after Nadal had officially surpassed him in the rankings , Federer offered this compliment : " Look at what he had to achieve to get it.
His plan failed as a result of the Great Kantō earthquake in September 1923 and he was left bankrupt ; he consequently returned to the US as an engineering businessman ..
He took over Southern Command as a lieutenant general in October 1954 , and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1957.
Okamoto was eventually asked to develop six Zelda games for the Game Boy Color : two based on earlier installments and four original entries into the series.
Mangalore 's city bus service is operated by private operators and provides access within city limits and beyond.
In addition , Chamberlain drove a Ferrari , a Bentley , and had a Le Mans @-@ style car called Searcher One designed and built at a cost of $ 750 @,@ 000 in 1996.
Stuart Sperry says that Keats emphasises the tactile sense here , suggested by the imagery of growth and gentle motion : swelling , bending and <unk> ..
The song stayed on the charts for five weeks.
A Kansas native , Isenhour attended the University of Kansas.
Carey performed " Heartbreaker " and its accompanying remix at the MTV European Music Awards , held on November 11 , 1999 in Dublin , Ireland.
Beyoncé and Jay Z held a fundraiser at the latter 's 40 / 40 Club in Manhattan for Obama 's 2012 presidential campaign which raised $ 4 million.
When asked if he would rather play the 19 @,@ 600 @-@ seat Fleet Theater or the 900 @-@ seat Somerville Theater – both in Boston , Paul replied , " I prefer to keep it intimate.
The southern end of the upper floors was to house a luxury hotel , whilst the northern end was to house the modern art collection of the nearby Tate Gallery , which at this time was suffering from a severe shortage of display space.
No. 457 Squadron was officially disbanded at Labuan on 7 November 1945.
Important for the adoption of the style in the early nineteenth century was Abbotsford House , the residence of the novelist and poet , Sir Walter Scott.
Following public criticism that the development and deployment of these technologies could potentially lead to a mass surveillance system , the IAO was defunded by the United States Congress in 2003.
The whole point of the film is it 's grounded in reality.
The small temperature change from before to after a snowfall is a result of the heat transfer between the snowpack and the air.
He began by sending a private letter to the President , which he later released to the press , informing Roosevelt that he would soon regret his " foolish words ... With all my soul I regret this necessity and shrink from it , but you have brought it upon yourself.
Flowers are perched on a pedicel ( i.e. , flower stalk ) raising them above the leaf whorl , and grow pinker as they age ..
Bratislava was declared the capital of the first independent Slovak Republic on March 14 , 1939 , but the new state quickly fell under Nazi influence.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s , as baseball expanded , NFL football had been surging in popularity , making it economical for many of these cities to build multi @-@ purpose stadiums instead of single @-@ purpose baseball fields.
One <unk> flight was diverted and landed in Kunming as a result.
He said , " in my opinion , all the subsequent events arose because ( McSorley ) kept pushing that ship and didn 't have enough training in weather forecasting to use common sense and pick a route out of the worst of the wind and seas.
The body is often further modified to resemble vegetation , with ridges resembling leaf veins , bark @-@ like tubercles , and other forms of camouflage.
The site of Köllnischer Park was just outside Cölln in the Middle Ages.
During the war the government took over the Smiths ' farmland for war work , and Smith was called up for service , but was discharged three years later , working in an aircraft factory in Speke until the end of the war.
Doyle played in the second and third rounds of the League Cup , against Wrexham and Sheffield United ,.
Death caused by an electric shock is referred to as electrocution.
In addition to passengers , major cargo shipments included seasonal shipments of herring , as well as lumber from the surrounding areas.
Initial settlements were on or near the West Branch Susquehanna River , and , as noted , Plunkett did not receive the land including the creek until 1776 , nor was it surveyed until 1783.
The win over Madison Central set up a title game between Clay County and Louisville 's Ballard High School.
In fact , if not in name , Neville was responsible for all the duties of the chancellorship , and he exercised most of the power of that office , although Marsh continued to hold the title of chancellor until his death in 1226.
The fort was supplied with grain from the surrounding farmsteads , and could hold 20 times more food than the average farmstead , indicating Danebury had a higher status than local farmsteads.
In 1916 , the 4th General Council met in St. Louis to resolve the " new issue ".
Following his performance in Pakistan , Collingwood was called into the England team for the First Test against India in March 2006 after injury and illness respectively to Vaughan and Marcus Trescothick.
Visits from non @-@ European Union countries dropped more considerably than visits from European Union countries ( and even more so than visits from Eurozone countries ) , while the average stay length remained the same for both 2008 and 2009.
Following this feat , his parents replaced the smaller table with a full size tournament table.
Never adopted by the kirk , they nevertheless remained popular and were reprinted from the 1540s to the 1620s.
Located to the south of Polygon Wood , the 1st King 's was one of only a few units available to defend British lines.
Caio Duilio served with the 1st Division of the Reserve Squadron during the 1893 fleet maneuvers , along with the ironclad Re Umberto , which served as the divisional flagship , the torpedo cruiser Minerva , and four torpedo boats.
Due to its high ratings , the series received a full third season renewal for the fall prime time line up.
The 8th Fleet cruiser force , under the command of Vice Admiral Gunichi Mikawa , included the heavy cruisers Chōkai , Kinugasa , Maya , and Suzuya , the light cruisers Isuzu and Tenryū , and six destroyers.
A California sport fishing license is required to fish any of the rivers and streams.
She had previously borne two children who died , but Van Gogh was unaware of this ; on 2 July , she gave birth to a baby boy , Willem.
Prior to Johnson and Bird 's arrival , the NBA had gone through a decade of declining interest and low TV ratings.
When the resultant film is projected through a normal projector ( albeit one requiring a special lens that combines the upper and lower images ) , a true polarised 3D image is produced.
The bout was ended at 21 seconds into the first round , with Hughes trilogy against Penn ending at 1 @-@ 2.
During the episode the film crew also interviews Cameron , asking why she resigned and making it look like she was romantically attracted to House ..
The following month , Paul Jacobi made her way independently to Bogen Bay , Norway.
Robson 's achievements with Ipswich earned him an offer from the Football Association to become the England national coach ; he declined an offer of a ten @-@ year contract extension from Ipswich director Patrick Cobbold.
Depending on the situation , the player must strategically block , dodge , or duck in order to avoid an opponent 's attack.
Clive Sinclair re @-@ commissioned a company called Nine Tiles , which had produced the ZX80 ROM , to develop the new ROM software for the ZX81.
The episode was the first Family Guy contribution by director Dan Povenmire , and it was written by Gary Janetti , who had previously written for the show during its first and second seasons.
Penitent and remorseful , he accompanies his child back to their poor home.
Alexis Petridis of The Guardian called " Rather Die Young " a fantastic and dramatic song.
Following law studies , he graduated in 1939 with a cand.jur. degree , and travelled to the United States to study at Columbia University in New York.
In November 2009 , it was announced that the U2 360 ° Tour would be the first concert performance in the stadium on June 27 , 2010.
Major events include those in 1916 , 1997 , and 2003.
HMS Fortune was one of nine F @-@ class destroyers built for the Royal Navy in the mid @-@ 1930s.
Christ the King Church is located at 30 Lamarck Drive at Main Street on the southeastern corner.
Sir Cosmo Duff @-@ Gordon , 5th Baronet of Halkin , and his wife , Lucy , Lady Duff @-@ Gordon were on board as well.
On 18 April 1944 , the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was again activated , this time at Guadalcanal , and placed in reserve for a time , commanded by Brigadier General Lemuel C. Shepherd.
The song proved to be a " stealth hit , " helping Oh , Inverted World move over 100 @,@ 000 copies within two years , considered remarkable for an independent label ; Sub Pop had hoped the record would sell 10 @,@ 000 copies.
On 24 October 2011 , they released their fifth studio album , Mylo Xyloto , which received mixed to positive reviews , topped the charts in over 34 countries , and was the UK 's best @-@ selling rock album of 2011.
At her funeral , her nephew and future biographer Reggie Oliver read two of her poems , the latter of which , " Fairford Church " , concludes with the words : " Little is sure.
He is known as a martyr in the Eastern Orthodox Ukrainian Church , where he is also remembered for his liturgy , the first liturgy composed in the vernacular , specifically in the modern Ukrainian language.
They stayed until Metternich regained his strength , then reached Amsterdam and The Hague , where they waited to hear the results of a demonstration by English <unk> , planned for 10 April.
The design allows the aircraft to remain airborne for several days ..
Józef , when he attended the Russian gymnasium at Wilno ( now Vilnius , Lithuania ) , was not an especially diligent student.
German formations pursued the enemy to Gembloux.
Several products are produced from it through oxidation : the yellow @-@ coloured aldehyde <unk> ( 1 @-@ formyl @-@ 6 , 7 @-@ dihydro @-@ 4 @-@ methyl @-@ 7 @-@ isopropenylazulene ) , the purple @-@ coloured aldehyde <unk> ( 1 @-@ formyl @-@ 4 @-@ methyl @-@ 7 @-@ isopropenylazulene ) , and the blue @-@ coloured alcohol <unk> ( 1 @-@ <unk> @-@ 4 @-@ methyl @-@ 7 @-@ isopropenylazulene ).
Paul meets JC outside the plane , and explains that he has defected from UNATCO and is now working with the NSF after learning that the Gray Death is a man @-@ made virus , with UNATCO using its power to make sure only the elite receive the vaccine ..
Local music in Baltimore can be traced back to 1784 , when concerts were advertised in the local press.
The expressway curves eastward into a cut in the hillside as it passes the ' Half @-@ mile ' railway bridge.
Kiarostami stated about the documentary ABC Africa that " directing was spontaneously and unconsciously eliminated , by which I mean artificial and conventional directing.
In 1801 in the Mediterranean , under the command of Admiral Lord Keith , Kent carried Sir Ralph Abercromby and his headquarters for the invasion of Egypt , a successful campaign which forced the surrender of the French occupying force.
His music has also been used frequently in the realms of popular music and film ..
According to the Anonimalle Chronicle , the ' evil actions ' of the commons in both Essex and Kent were ' because of the exceptionally severe tenths and fifteenths and other subsidies lightly conceded in parliaments and <unk> levied from the poor people '.
The gunners reported ranges of 17 @,@ 500 to 18 @,@ 800 yd ( 16 @,@ 000 to 17 @,@ 200 m ) , though this was an overestimation that caused the ship 's salvos to fall past their intended target ..
As a result , Tirpitz went before the Reichstag in May 1906 with a request for additional funding.
Each fan could choose five songs from the pool ; made up of all the tracks from Off the Wall , Thriller ( 2001 special edition , including " Carousel " ) , Bad ( 2001 special edition ) , Dangerous , HIStory : Past , Present and Future , Book I , Blood on the Dance Floor : HIStory in the Mix , Invincible and the track " For All Time " from Thriller 25.
Among other accolades , El Camino won the award for Best Rock Album at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards , while " Lonely Boy " received honors for Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song.
The great white has an 11 @-@ month gestation period.
However , Jessie smells her mother 's perfume in Incanto 's apartment and calls the police.
Members of Anonymous continued to celebrate the one @-@ year anniversary of the Chanology movement during February 2009 , with protests held in locations including Hemet , California ..
If truly a gondwanathere , it would be the only African member of the group and may be the oldest.
Another source , Gervase of Canterbury , has the king telling the chapter they could choose their own nominee after six months , while the king secretly sent envoys to Rome to secure de Gray 's election.
By late spring , most important states opposed Berlin 's effort to reorganize the German states by force.
Fey worked with Jennifer McNamara and Adam Bernstein for the casting of the series.
On March 6 , 2014 , the band premiered " Guilty All the Same " , which features Rakim , from the album through Shazam.
It is part of the City of Burnside local government area and located in the foothills of the Adelaide Hills , five kilometres south east of the city centre.
Widespread damage occurred to structures , with numerous roofs being torn off.
Because of this destruction all rubber vines within 10 km of <unk> were depleted within 18 months of that post opening.
The Palladian , <unk> , or Venetian window features largely in Palladio 's work and is almost a trademark of his early career.
However , in an interview with Adrian Grant , Jackson denied that the song was about AIDS ..
Barber prepared patterns showing what the nickel would look like if the changes demanded by Hobbs were made.
Both al @-@ Kudsi and al @-@ Hawrani were easily tracked down and arrested.
GameSpot , IGN , and 1UP.com cited in their Xbox 360 version reviews abysmal frame @-@ rate problems and awful " texture pop @-@ in " , where the textures were displayed as low resolution for several seconds before being replaced with higher @-@ resolution ones , as some of its main failings.
Hilary was appointed to Chichester in July 1147 , and he was consecrated on 3 August 1147.
Following the missed field goal , Auburn took over on offense at its six @-@ yard line — the point from which Tech had missed the kick.
In his review of the case for The New Yorker , Lincoln Caplan described the Court 's opinion as " particularly unjust " because the Court " had the opportunity to hold a state prosecutor to account for using trumped @-@ up reasons to justify racial discrimination in a jury selection " but failed to do so ..
' The article received wide publicity convincing Anthony Howard , who later declared himself " deeply affronted ... and never more affronted than when Alec Douglas @-@ Home became leader of the Conservative Party.
Ron Wilkerson and Jean Louise Matthias had previously written the episodes " Imaginary Friend " and " <unk> " , but in both instances the writing of the teleplay for the initial story idea had been given to a staff writer due to time constraints.
Henry H. Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in south western Rodrigues during his three @-@ month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three @-@ month visit.
Green worked as a solo practitioner until March 1952 , when he entered into a partnership with Harvey Schmidt.
Officials from Plains All American Pipeline claimed that installing a new valve would present other potential dangers.
The ruse is known as the " Mask of Ferdinand VII ".
Eventually , following their repeated failures before Constantinople , and the continued resilience of the Byzantine state , the Muslims began to project the fall of Constantinople to the distant future.
When electrical recording came in , with dramatically improved recording quality , Holst and the LSO re @-@ recorded The Planets for Columbia in 1926 ..
The contest , however , was won by Mae Young.
Diocletian visited Egypt once , over the winter of 301 – 2 , and issued a grain dole in Alexandria.
Lice , such as Trichodectes canis , may cause sickness in wolves , but rarely death.
The US National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) , in harmonizing the disparate estimates of life @-@ cycle GHG emissions for solar PV , found that the most critical parameter was the solar insolation of the site : GHG emissions factors for PV solar are inversely proportional to insolation.
Many residents of southern Westchester abandoned their farms and drove their herds up the valley to Buttermilk Hill to protect them from Loyalist raids.
The park is home to the Ligonier Highland Games , a Scottish athletic and cultural festival that has annually drawn over 10 @,@ 000 spectators.
" Harry Knowles is a longtime fan of the film , but was critical of elements that did not represent the Superman stories as seen in the comics.
On the July 11 episode of ECW , the villainous Candice appeared as Kelly Kelly 's dance partner on that night 's Kelly 's Exposé segment , and attempted to seduce Kelly in a backstage segment before their performance ..
After Lynott 's death in 1986 , various incarnations of the band have emerged over the years based initially around guitarists Scott Gorham and John Sykes , though Sykes left the band in 2009.
The purge of those who fought for Richard occupied Henry 's first two years of rule , although later he proved prepared to accept those who submitted to him regardless of their former allegiances ..
On 15 June Rosin and Mordowicz were interviewed by Oscar Krasniansky , the engineer who had translated the Vrba – Wetzler report into German.
Soon after a replacement head was installed and it too was detached and stolen.
It is able to " reproduce the sound of Baroque music as authentically as possible ".
However , as before , she soon returned to her own work.
The MTO set out to design a four @-@ lane route to connect the Queensway with Highway 16 New , including a three @-@ level free @-@ flow interchange.
Steven Moffat confirmed that the cliffhanger , the return of Moriarty , had been planned as far back as series two , when he discussed the plan for Moriarty 's character with actor Andrew Scott.
There was little support for the monarchy in the major cities , and King Alfonso XIII gave in to popular pressure for the establishment of a republic and called municipal elections for 12 April 1931.
Ammendola told Drum Media winning the award was more significant than an ARIA Award , as " it 's an award that 's nominated on the grounds of music , and the art of it - not necessarily record sales ".
Previously , many Americans had argued that Indians should be " civilized " and assimilated into white American society.
At the time , the government provided Secret Service protection for incumbent presidents but not for presidential candidates.
In 1930 , she married George Reid , a young barrister who later became Attorney @-@ General of Victoria ..
The task of re @-@ asserting NDH authority in the Gacko and Avtovac districts was allocated to Prohaska 's group , consisting of the 6th Battalion , one company of the 18th Battalion , two companies of the 17th Battalion , and the recently arrived 15th and 21st Battalions , which were to be sent to Nevesinje from Mostar.
CinemaScore reported that audiences gave the film an " A " grade ..
Predation primarily occurs at the nest site and eggs and nestlings are frequently eaten by snakes , raccoons , ravens and domestic cats.
Before the first section of the Pennsylvania Turnpike opened , the commission considered extending it east to Philadelphia , primarily for defense purposes.
Spiders inhabiting dune grasses construct their webs in open spaces between the grass tufts , while spiders inhabiting areas of shrubbery do so on the underside of a plant overhanging open sand.
The film 's success was largely attributed to the popularity of the song " O Podu ".
There was a 74 lever signal box to the east of the northern platform , and also a small siding to serve local coal merchants ..
<unk> described single " Say I " as " a <unk> theatrical ditty " , and " Foolin ' " as one of the " few tracks that genuinely attempts to lift Milian up from the generic R & B / club stylings ".
Craig had particular trouble against off cutters on the seaming pitches.
The Tower of London has become established as one of the most popular tourist attractions in the country.
The symbolism of the city was meant to secure the political legitimacy of the new emperor , who was enthroned there on June 12 ..
In exchange the Soviet Union would cede Repola and Porajärvi from Eastern Karelia , an area twice as large as the territories demanded from the Finns ..
Kulwicki was buried at St. Adalbert 's Cemetery in Milwaukee ; the funeral was attended by NASCAR President Bill France , Jr. and numerous drivers.
Illingworth came in at 6 / 168 and made 25 before being run out in his team 's 208.
There are 100 – 200 eggs in each capsule in freshwater , as opposed to 55 – 80 eggs in each capsule in brackish water.
Presiding judge Rafferty told him that he must answer questions , to which Smith replied : " I want to change my plea.
Visual confirmation of internal hemorrhoids may require <unk> , insertion of a hollow tube device with a light attached at one end.
Pollock , previously an opponent of nickel coinage , had a change of heart and became a supporter ..
Three mechanisms have been proposed to describe the <unk> of chromium ( VI ).
This inquiry revealed many Canadian soldiers were aware that Afghan security forces beat prisoners " in the street and elsewhere " on a regular basis.
In 2002 VH1 created the 100 sexiest artist list and Aaliyah was ranked at number 36.
But Interscope went into it like they really wanted to know what I wanted.
He was named the Tigers ' Minor League Player of the Month in June after hitting .336 with 29 runs , 10 doubles , two triples , eight home runs , 30 RBI , and 10 stolen bases ; he earned the same honor from Topps.
In the original structure , this was where the Ritz ballroom was located.
Several major AM stations include talk radio <unk> , sports / talk station WEEI , and CBS Radio WBZ.
Professional long jumpers typically have strong acceleration and sprinting abilities.
Maryland started the 1950 season ranked 15th and defeated Navy , 35 – 21 , in the Byrd Stadium dedication game ..
Throughout the country , the storm destroyed 186 homes and left 700 people homeless.
He also thought that the dream sequences reflected the popularity of surrealism at the time , and that the influence of cinema , in particular the films of Alfred Hitchcock , is apparent in the story ..
Wodzisław , Schwechat , <unk> , Fushun , and Alanya form a " family " in that most are partnered with the others.
France ( 3 @.@ 5 % ) is the largest producer in the West , followed by other EU nations ( 3 % ) and North America ( 1 @.@ 7 % ).
The fact that the law only applied to one case does not change its validity , although the majority conceded that a narrowly crafted law affecting just one person or a limited number of people may violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment " if arbitrary or inadequately justified.
Meanwhile , all three Sugababes appear under the running water of a shower tap , and are shown dancing with the group of women from the previous scenes.
In its 2010 progress report , the New York City Department of Education assigned it the highest possible grade of " A " ..
A well @-@ known advertising campaign introduced the catch @-@ phrase " Don 't forget the pancakes on Jif lemon day , " in reference to Shrove Tuesday , which is also referred to as Pancake Day.
Yuen Biao plays the role of Police Inspector Steve Mok , assigned to investigate the baby 's disappearance.
His Majesty 's or HM Armed Smack Inverlyon was a fishing smack that was converted to a Q @-@ ship during the First World War.
They manage to make their way to the restaurant by stowing away on a pizza delivery truck , where Buzz , still believing he is a real space ranger despite Woody 's attempts to convince him otherwise , gets himself stuck in a crane game , where he is picked out by Andy 's destructive neighbor Sid Phillips ( Erik von Detten ) ..
After reaching Tanjong Priok on 10 February , the detachment found itself placed under Dutch command and formed into a composite infantry company , within the reserve battalion of the ad hoc formation known as " Blackforce " , which had been formed under Brigadier Arthur Blackburn.
For example , Gerard Gilbert of The Independent argued that in comparison to contemporary TV dramas , Big Brother provides much more entertainment , psychological depth and social impact.
Club captain Johnny Crossan struggled with injuries in 1966 – 67 , and was sold to Middlesbrough for £ 34 @,@ 500 in the close season.
US 302 heads northwest directly towards the city of Montpelier , while VT 14 heads north along Maple Avenue towards the town of East Montpelier.
This led Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna of Russia , who briefly lived in Bucharest , to conclude that " by her charm , beauty , and ready wit , [ Marie ] could obtain anything she desired " ..
Despite the erasure of both Kathy Kane as Batwoman and Betty Kane as Bat @-@ Girl , there were references to both heroines in post @-@ Crisis publications.
One this first voyage , she called upon Minamidaitojima , Rabaul and Australia.
The year 1705 proved almost entirely barren for the Duke , whose military disappointments were only partly compensated by efforts on the diplomatic front where , at the courts of Düsseldorf , Frankfurt , Vienna , Berlin and Hanover , Marlborough sought to bolster support for the Grand Alliance and extract promises of prompt assistance for the following year 's campaign ..
Also : The cast is wildly uneven.
Meanwhile , Lidia was moving to the northwest at around 10 mph ( 15 km / h ).
At the intersection with Ludington Avenue in the downtown business area , the trunkline turns to the east.
The restrictions were strengthened following the 1960 U @-@ 2 incident , in which a US spy aircraft en route to Bodø was shot down over Soviet territory.
The 52nd ( Oxfordshire ) Regiment of Foot was a light infantry regiment of the British Army throughout much of the 18th and 19th centuries.
Guilt @-@ ridden , he goes to a bar to drown his sorrows.
The eponymous Nemesis creature was inspired by the liquid @-@ metal T @-@ 1000 Terminator from Terminator 2 : Judgment Day.
A committee was established to look into the matter.
Former Chief of Staff Chaim Bar @-@ Lev was brought out of retirement to replace Gonen.
This term is the most commonly used option by practitioners in the United Kingdom , with growing usage in North America and elsewhere.
Barret adopted Marlene as his own daughter , had an " adapter " graft to his arm to interface with prosthetic weapons to aid in his combat against Shinra , and founded AVALANCHE.
One mix of the two audiences is the British writer , Theodore Dalrymple , reviewing The Rage Against God and Christopher Hitchens ' Hitch @-@ 22 for the American journal , First Things.
The air flow at the blades is not the same as the airflow far away from the turbine.
It is lighter in colour than the cap , and covered with a coarse brown network of markings , which have been likened to fishnet stockings in appearance.
The next year , he tried to emulate his music hall colleagues Billy Merson and Charlie Austin , who had set up Homeland Films and found success with the <unk> series of films starring Betty Balfour.
During the verses , the player tries to unite the hemispheres , because the energy keeps them apart while during the chorus the app shifts to a cutaway of a planet , and the player can touch the layers of the planet 's interior to open it up and touch the core.
On 25 August 1944 , owing to the Allied advance toward U @-@ boat ports , all submarines were ordered to Norway.
" Shortly afterwards , Seerey was removed from the starting lineup , and he ended up playing 10 games for the Indians before being traded.
Gold seems to have been acquired from a number of sources.
The entire series was re @-@ released on DVD in early 2006 , in a " slimmer " package.
Upon commissioning , Emperor of India joined the 4th Battle Squadron of the Grand Fleet , based at Scapa Flow.
As with the tail , all wing control surfaces were found to have been connected to the pilots ' controls.
Harrison later apologised for the way he and Lennon had treated the Maharishi , and in 1992 gave a benefit concert for the Maharishi @-@ associated Natural Law Party.
Barlow said she was happy and grateful with the nature of her exit storyline , as the opportunity to " go out with a bang " was better than Rae leaving quietly in a taxi.
The Prospect Park Zoo is a 12 @-@ acre ( 4 @.@ 9 ha ) zoo located off Flatbush Avenue on the eastern side of Prospect Park , Brooklyn , New York City.
Behind , all Keats could see was Caesar and Venerable in the distance , and by 23 : 00 only Caesar was still in sight , more than 3 nautical miles ( 5 @.@ 6 km ) behind Superb.
There are many documented cases of families <unk> loved ones and removing their hearts in the belief that the deceased was a vampire who was responsible for sickness and death in the family , although the term " vampire " was never actually used to describe the deceased.
Several elements of the film influenced later productions by Raimi , and the failure of Crimewave directly led to the inception of Evil Dead II ( 1987 ).
Parts of the trail have been moved , away from damage caused by the 1985 tornado , to avoid pipelines , to circumvent the Piper Boot Camp , and to pass closer to streams.
He admitted Arsenal had played the better football in the first half , but felt his team were much improved in the second – " we had possession and chances to score but we didn 't.
The Bullets became the Washington Wizards after asking fans to vote on the name.
The proteasome subcomponents are often referred to by their Svedberg sedimentation coefficient ( denoted S ).
Bordeaux won the tie with a 3 – 1 aggregate scoreline to advance to the quarter @-@ finals , where they faced league rivals Lyon.
With the permission of the court , Hutchinson was allowed to spend the week at his home , where the recently arrived Reverend John Davenport was also staying.
From 2009 to 2011 , he served on the board of directors of Marriott International , founded by his namesake J. Willard Marriott.
They arrived at Abu Shusheh at 03 : 00 and rejoin their division at Afulah during the night ..
The decisive factor in favour of change in Chicago , however , was the economic slowdown in the early 1890s , which would end in the financial panic of 1893.
As part of its continuing mission , the congregation sponsors an annual Festa Italiana every August.
The regiment then mopped up the area west to Vlasenica and one battalion cleared the route to Srebrenica ..
Alvin Snyder , the director of worldwide television for the United States Information Agency , was the producer of the video shown to the U.N. Security Council on September 6 , 1983.
He had recently been named the state 's attorney general by Governor John Adair.
" Charles ' sister Princess Henrietta was painted by Pierre <unk> holding a small red and white toy @-@ sized spaniel.
In addition , they also intended to target the French President Raymond Poincaré and Prime Minister René Viviani , King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and his Prime Minister Antonio <unk>.
Cortés despatched Pedro de Alvarado with 180 cavalry , 300 infantry , 4 cannons , and thousands of allied warriors from central Mexico ; they arrived in Soconusco in 1523 ..
The caracal is a carnivore that typically preys upon small mammals , birds and rodents.
Tracking steadily westward , it maintained a small but organized area of convection — shower and thunderstorm activity — along its axis for the next several days.
The following week , they beat Chicago 29 – 21 on the road , but lost key players Julius Peppers , a defensive end , and <unk> Foster , a running back , who were both injured during the game.
Many aircraft traveling over the North Pacific and over the Arctic come within the vicinity of such a plume ; the only way to avoid damage is to reroute the flight , which delays arrival time and adds $ 5 @,@ 500 to $ 6 @,@ 000 in extra fuel costs.
Speaking during the Second Reading of the constitutional amendment bill , Minister for Law S. Jayakumar said the Government was taking this step because it was of the view that the courts ' application of an objective test would amount to judicial usurpation of the executive 's functions in matters pertaining to national security , which the judiciary is ill @-@ equipped to deal with.
After a short return , Tennessee 's offense started the half from its 30 @-@ yard line.
Edge won 31 championships in WWE overall , including 11 world championships ( the WWE Championship four times and the World Heavyweight Championship a record seven times ) , five Intercontinental Championships , one United States Championship , and 14 world tag team championships ( a record 12 World Tag Team Championships and two WWE Tag Team Championships ) , thus making him the 14th Triple Crown and 7th Grand Slam Champion.
The architectural historian Raymond Richards , writing in 1947 , considered it to be one of the most beautiful churches in the county.
Neither scheme progressed any further , but the Keadby end of the canal was improved , and a new deep water jetty was constructed on the Trent in 1833.
Torrential rains were also recorded ; a peak rainfall total was measured at 500 mm ( 20 in ) in Funato , which also sustained the highest hourly rainfall total of 79 @.@ 0 mm ( 3 @.@ 11 in ).
Andrew departed for a new campaign against Halych in summer 1213.
Additional influence came from the fact that women in matrilineal Iroquois society had more political influence than women in patriarchal societies.
The two are shown gagged up in the boot of Shakira 's car and are then tied up on spinning discs.
According to his son Homer , as Saint @-@ Gaudens considered " the motto ' In God We Trust ' as an artistic intrusion not required by law , he wholly discarded [ it ] and thereby drew down on himself the lightning of public comment ".
He also repeated the Soviet response , which questioned the defectors ' integrity : " These men are deserters , traitors.
Stewie realizes his mistake , however , and he chains them to the Griffins ' basement wall of his house and forcing them to watch the DirecTV help channel on a continuous loop.
" Strawberry Wine " , however , was described as " certainly the better of the two releases " , as Ecstasy was plagued by production difficulties , including errors in the mastering process.
Apatosaurus ajax was named by Marsh in 1877 after Ajax , a hero from Greek mythology.
Reed commented , " I don 't want to say it 's a coincidence , because we do work well together , and we have a great history.
In response to Gingrich 's complaint that they were " forced to use the rear door , " NBC news released their videotape footage showing both Gingrich and Dole disembarking at Tel Aviv just behind Clinton via the front stairway ..
Hosted by Jeff Probst , it consisted of 39 days of gameplay with 16 competitors.
The school is funded through sliding @-@ scale tuition , grants , and donations.
Unable to maneuver the Soyuz to dock with the station , Stone ejects herself via explosive decompression and uses a fire extinguisher as a makeshift thruster to travel the final metres to Tiangong , which is rapidly deorbiting.
At kickoff , the sky was partly cloudy with an air temperature of 45 ° F ( 7 ° C ).
In 1829 , after Etty had become a respected artist , Freeling allowed the restoration of the figures to their original condition ..
This was opened at a ceremony performed by Sir Bernard Lovell in 1977.
His missing limbs have been replaced with sophisticated prosthetics called automail ( <unk> ( <unk> ) , <unk> ).
Additional companies , such as Budcat Creations and Vicarious Visions have assisted in the adaptation of the games for other systems ..
To the extreme north , XIV Corps conducted diversionary activities employing one brigade each from the 57th and 50th divisions.
The Limited Edition version of the game came with The Rapture EP remixes by Moby and Oscar The Punk.
The event received 219 @,@ 000 pay @-@ per @-@ view buys , which was greater than the 193 @,@ 000 buys the previous year 's event received.
In returning home , the civil defense sirens sound as a tornado is headed for Dorothy 's trailer park.
She was launched on 22 August 1938 , in a ceremony attended by the Governor ( <unk> ) of the Ostmark , Arthur Seyss @-@ Inquart , who made the christening speech.
Results from a word memory test showed that people with a body mass index ( BMI ) of 20 ( considered to be a healthy level ) remembered an average of nine out of 16 words.
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers.
Entertainers Mary Carey , a pornographic actress and former candidate for Governor of California , prop comedian Carrot Top , and humorist Daniel Dickey also attended the university.
In Germany , it opened in ninth place at the box office with $ 675 @,@ 000 from 194 theaters.
At the end of each level , players receive bonuses for defeated enemies , lives remaining , and the energy level of the player 's craft.
Brook concurs that Benjamin 's postwar success , that began as Davis lay in prison and other Confederates struggled for survival , may have soured Southerners towards the former secretary , but that anti @-@ Semitism was also likely a factor.
The Clinton – Gore administration also launched the first official White House website in 1994 and subsequent versions through 2000.
It was the birthplace of Sir Edward Dyer ( died 1607 ) an Elizabethan poet and courtier , the writer Henry Fielding ( 1707 – 54 ) , and the cleric William Gould ..
Wartime action caused losses near Holyhead , Milford Haven and Swansea.
He reprimanded politicians in Karnataka and urged them " to speak the truth " to the public.
The biggest transfer fee Sunderland have ever received for one of their players is £ 24 million for Darren Bent who moved to Aston Villa on 18 January 2011.
In some specimens , the eyes are surrounded by a dark ring.
The Freedom finished in third place during the regular season with a 8 – 7 – 5 record earning a berth to the playoffs.
In 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 he was nominated as a Teen Choice Awards Choice Villain ..
Shortly after splitting from MD 4 , the route intersects the eastern terminus of MD 262 ( Lower Marlboro Road ) before heading into woodland with areas of residences and businesses.
" When you allow the hijacking of the market , it 's literally the worst of both worlds.
The development of the complex relationship between church and state in Zwingli 's view can only be understood by examining the context of his life , the city of Zürich , and the wider Swiss Confederation.
This was followed by a year with Bristol City , two seasons with Darlington , whom he helped gain promotion to the Second Division , and three years with Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic where he finished his career ..
He adapted the " Faber College Theme " from the Academic Festival Overture by Brahms , and said that the film opened yet another door in his diverse career , to scoring comedies ..
In addition , the anthem lyrics composed by Mikhalkov and El @-@ Registan were officially scrapped by the Soviet government in 1956.
An onsite commissary was available to sell items such as bananas , eggs , coffee , notebooks , and cigarettes.
At least 500 people were killed throughout Maharashtra , more than 200 of which took place in the Raigad district.
Every time I see him , it 's like : ' When is it going to happen ? When is it going to happen ? ' " De Laurentiis thought Foster would decline once she read the book , even believing the final film was better for it.
If a marriage agreement was made in 1059 , it was not kept , and this may explain the Scots invasion of Northumbria in 1061 when Lindisfarne was plundered.
The album contains a contemporary holiday theme , and featured " authentic , gospel flavored background vocals ".
Passing directly over Aitutaki on February 10 , Pat produced wind gusts in excess of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) making it one of the most powerful storms ever experienced by residents on the island.
" <unk> stated in a season 2 review that " Brown 's presence and charisma is dazzling ; he is both likable and frightening.
Newcastle had already knocked out the current cup holders , Sheffield Wednesday , in an earlier round.
Kunti returned to Hastinapur with the Pandavas.
In the same year she participated in the US Navy Fleet Battle Exercise after her combat system was integrated into the Digital Fires Network ..
In June 1945 , he was issued with an Army uniform and dog tags at Wendover Army Air Field , Utah , and was flown to Tinian in the Western Pacific in a C @-@ 54 of the 509th Composite Group.
FLCN creates a protein called folliculin that has two isoforms.
His fellow violin students included George Enescu , Carl Flesch , Fritz Kreisler and Jacques Thibaud.
" are repeated by Dracula to Buffy in the following episode ( " Buffy vs. Dracula " ).
Before the assault could be launched , Japan surrendered in August 1945 , following the use of nuclear weapons on Hiroshima and Nagasaki ..
The current highway was previously part of other highways in the first half of the 20th century before it was transferred to local control around 1960.
Donehoo 's A History of the Indian Villages and Place Names in Pennsylvania identifies it as a Cayuga language word meaning " place of floating oil " and the name of a Cayuga village in New York.
Kepler was born on December 27 , the feast day of St. John the Evangelist , 1571 , at the Free Imperial City of Weil der Stadt ( now part of the Stuttgart Region in the German state of Baden @-@ Württemberg , 30 km west of Stuttgart 's center ).
Related somehow to his predecessor at Hereford , he served as a priest and papal judge as well as being an unsuccessful candidate as Bishop of St David 's in Wales.
It has some remaining phosphate resources which , as of 2011 , are not economically viable for extraction.
However , some critics consider Moonraker one of the lesser films in the series , largely due to the extent of the plot which takes James Bond into space , some of the ploys used in the film for comedic effect , and its extended dialogue.
Greipel was also a contender , spearheaded by his sprint train , much like Cavendish.
The men were in fact high @-@ ranking agents of the 610 Office in Shanghai.
It ’ s going to be Fringe @-@ ified.
Two of her gun turrets and a good deal of her armour were removed , and her speed was reduced to 18 kn ( 33 km / h ; 21 mph ) through the removal of some of her boilers.
The completed highway was assigned NY 431 , a designation which had been reserved for the road as early as 1932 ..
The majority of the gameplay centres on flying sequences , which are triggered by walking into the Ideya Palace near the start of each level so that the character merges with the imprisoned Nights.
Much of the film was shot in Udaipur , India.
The characters were designed by regular Tales series designer Mutsumi Inomata.
Contact was successfully established on 9 May and the first units of Force 134 arrived in Norway to begin their occupation , including the first elements of 1st Airborne Division and the Norwegian Parachute Company.
The Otero County Community Health Council prepares a detailed health profile each year with many facts and figures about health in Otero County.
It is presented in the 1985 manifesto.
In minor league baseball , Stricklett won 20 games in a season at least five times , compiling a 169 @-@ 99 record across nine seasons ..
With this prosperity came an outburst of the distinct Georgian culture , emerging from the amalgam of Christianity , secularism , as well as western and eastern influences.
In return , the federal government would pay the schools for the related tuition and fees of the students ..
My daughter didn 't do anything wrong , she died while protecting herself.
Edwards found that none of Crawford 's rivals were willing to support his charges , and he was unable to produce corroborating evidence.
Simple movements were developed by their choreographers , including <unk> Ashley , to accompany each song because , as The New York Times reported , they believed " in the power of basic movements to enchant young children ".
While talking to Home 's sheriff Andy Taylor ( Tucker Smallwood ) , Mulder asks whether the Peacock brothers — the inhabitants of the house nearest to the crime scene — have been questioned about the baby.
Freemasons rebut these claims of a Masonic conspiracy.
Kosygin sought to make Soviet industry more efficient by including some market measures common in the First World such as profit making for instance ; he also tried to increase quantity of production , increase incentives for managers and workers , and freeing managers from centralised state bureaucracy.
There may have been bad blood between the Demdike and Chattox families because they were in competition with each other , trying to make a living from healing , begging , and extortion.
One puzzle in particular , involving pirates holding a face @-@ pulling contest , was praised by reviewers.
This provided more room for fuel , an important consideration given the inefficient early jet engines of the era , and the large wing area provided ample lift at high altitudes.
Kiprusoff recorded his third shutout of the season in a 3 – 0 win against the Minnesota Wild while Iginla scored eight goals and 12 points in the final nine games of the month.
They speculated that the monkeys did not see their action as risky , but rather as a large , delayed reward.
After the death of Batory in 1586 , Zamoyski helped Sigismund III Vasa gain the Polish throne , fighting in the brief civil war against the forces supporting Habsburg archduke Maximilian III of Austria.
the first members of both groups appeared during the middle Miocene.
Bourdon scored his first goal on November 16 , 2007 , against goaltender Niklas Bäckström in a 6 – 2 win over the Minnesota Wild.
She 'll create some controversy and then tell her critics to stick it.
As the chorus of the song starts in , the sound of electric and slide guitars are prominent as Aldean and Clarkson sing , " Don 't you wanna hold each other tight / Don 't you wanna fall asleep with me tonight ? ".
Producers in Ontario or Québec may have followed either federal or provincial grading guidelines.
During Karmal 's March 1986 visit to the Soviet Union , the Soviets tried to persuade Karmal that he was too ill to govern , and that he should resign.
At the 2005 Billboard Music Awards , Fijación Oral , Vol.
Clyde Barretto from Prefix magazine opined that the video was " more colorful than a rainbow " and featured " alluring " and " bombastic " dance moves ..
A volunteer from the Bicol Region , who worked for a Catholic Relief Services station in Salcedo , Eastern Samar , was hit by a <unk> due to a collapsed scaffolding caused by heavy winds during a papal Mass held in Daniel Z. Romualdez Airport in Tacloban , Leyte ..
As early as in 1347 , King Magnus IV saw it necessary to put limits to the horse exports from Karelia to Russia ..
The Ebbw Valley Railway meets the Great Western 's South Wales Main Line branch , which runs on the coastal plain between the cities of Cardiff and Newport , at a triangular junction about 1 1 ⁄ 2 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) southwest of Newport station.
He missed his first All @-@ Star Game since 1962 , but instead of expressing disappointment in his streak ending , he noted that Twins shortstop Danny Thompson should have had the opportunity to play instead ; Thompson mentioned the same thing about Killebrew.
The measure enabled the addition of renovated science classrooms , a multipurpose room , a library and media center , and a sound @-@ proofed music building.
While trying to understand why the wedding is happening so quickly , Leslie asks whether April is dying , like the lead character from the 2002 romance film A Walk to Remember.
As a result , Cordelia Chase was created to embody the traits of that shallower Buffy.
After release , he joined his family in Sana.
The Infected , a core concept of the game , were inspired by a segment of the BBC nature documentary Planet Earth ( 2006 ) , which featured the Cordyceps fungi.
The experience of the Battle of the Somme led the German command to conclude that the policy of rigidly defending a trench position line was no longer effective against the firepower that the Entente armies had accumulated.
The Barkers also allege that the school board did not implement a plan to " discourage the dangerous activity of threatening and attacking other students while in possession of actual knowledge of said threats and prior attacks while the students are on school grounds " ..
The bill passed the House unanimously , but ran into stiff opposition in the Senate , probably at Paine 's instigation.
These were undertaken by unnamed Scottish artists using continental pattern books that often led to the incorporation of humanist moral and philosophical symbolism , with elements that call on heraldry , piety , classical myths and allegory.
Delta also served to highlight the islands ' aging power grid , prompting the regional director general of industry and energy to consider building another power plant on the archipelago.
The towns of Yabucoa , Humacao , Maunabo , Las Piedras and Carolinas sustained flood damage from the storm.
A Russian person wants to find the truth.
" He praised the benefits of a " good writers room , " in which " scenes go to this place you never could have gone to alone.
In 2012 , a Philadelphia Inquirer article stated that Darby Creek " is one of the country 's most flood @-@ prone streams , a significant drain on the National Flood Insurance Program , and a national lesson in what can go wrong along a developed waterway.
The heightened precautions were due in part to fears that effects from the storm would be similar to that of a devastating hurricane which struck the region two years prior.
The United States had a disastrous 12th @-@ place finish in the 1998 tournament , requiring them to go into a qualifying round to avoid relegation to the B division for 1999.
The return leg at Anfield is considered one of Liverpool 's most memorable European matches.
Instead , he ordered Warsaw to be fortified and allowed the Russians to cross the Vistula unopposed.
Wodehouse 's early period as a writer came to an end in 1908 with the serialisation of The Lost Lambs , published the following year in book form as the second half of the novel Mike.
The comic flies out the entrance and is shredded by Santa 's Little Helper on the ground , hit by lightning , and completely destroyed.
The songs produced would often be sold later by labels and companies such as the Milan @-@ based <unk>.
MacLeod and Campbell both went down in a hail of gunfire ; Colonel Moore reported that MacLeod had been struck by upwards of 20 musket balls.
Individual brain chemistry and metabolism play a large role in determining a person 's response to psilocybin ..
Church attendance was not only mandatory , but membership was socially vital.
The able @-@ bodied young men were drafted into the army after being circumcised and converted to Islam.
US 1A joins NC 98 Business and continues along the eastern side of the seminary.
About 35 sq. miles ( 90 km ² ) of banana crops were destroyed , with about 4 sq. miles ( 10 km ² ) of coffee damaged.
Western Swing , a musical genre with roots in Country Music , was made popular at Tulsa 's Cain 's Ballroom.
The crews were the two heaviest in the history of the event , and featured ten former Boat Race competitors.
A disturbance that moved out of the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) developed into a tropical depression to the east of British Honduras ( modern day Belize ) on June 2.
Einsatzgruppe F worked with Army Group South.
Rogers gave praise to the game 's parry mechanic and atmosphere.
In 2016 , Drake spoke on the shooting of Alton Sterling , publishing an open letter expressing his concern for the safety of ethnic minorities against police brutality , in the United States ..
Sharett " fought a battle of telephones and cables , " Bauer writes , and on 11 June he and the Jewish Agency intelligence group were finally introduced to Brand.
Common small dishes on the dinner table are <unk> — a name for okra in tomato paste , <unk> — a <unk> stew — or <unk> , an array of fried tomatoes , aubergines , potatoes , peppers and zucchini.
" Ice " was praised by critics.
Zolciak received the first spin @-@ off from The Real Housewives of Atlanta , titled Don 't Be Tardy for the Wedding , which documented the preparations for her nuptials to Kroy Biermann.
Regarding Carey 's voice , aside from describing it as " obscured " , Therepio expressed his difficulty in understanding her lyrical phrases , claiming it was weakened from " no @-@ everyone @-@ can @-@ understand @-@ what @-@ you 're @-@ saying ' -itis ".
<unk> exhibit positive phototaxis , swimming towards light to reach surface waters , where they drift and grow before descending to seek a hard surface to which they can attach and begin a new colony.
The biography 's American publishing rights were acquired by St. Martin 's Press.
In an echo of the Napoleon incident , Catherine attempts to cheat the Turk , who wipes all the pieces from the board in response ..
However , in 1957 Carnell stopped using interior art , saying that " art work in the digest @-@ size magazines is as out @-@ of @-@ date as a coal fire " ..
124 – 40 BC ) is often credited as being the first physician to perform a non @-@ emergency tracheotomy.
Some are new , but others return from Melee — in some cases updated or refined , either in appearance , fighting capabilities , or both.
" Thus for a brief moment it looked like there could be a peaceful solution ..
In the downtown area , the road comes to the Park Place square , where it meets US 206.
Liverpool took the lead in the match held at Birmingham 's home ground St Andrew 's in the first minute when defender Sami Hyypiä headed in , and two more goals in the first half from Crouch saw Liverpool finish the first half with a 3 – 0 lead.
The track displayed many of the band 's stage gimmicks , such as the burning cymbal , strobe lights , films , and smoke ..
The lateral line curves upwards at the area between the fourth and ninth lateral scales.
The wet wing introduced on G and H models was even more susceptible to fatigue , experiencing 60 % more stress during flight than the old wing.
He paid a four @-@ month visit to Germany in 1922 as part of the War College 's Historical Section , during which he examined documents related to World War I in the German War Archives.
Neville Chamberlain was assigned to manage the undertaking , and in early 1891 , the 22 @-@ year @-@ old took out a lease on 26 @,@ 000 acres ( 110 km2 ) on the island of Andros.
" A Liverpool Daily Post review said that Oliver made Penny feel about " two inches tall " when he was promoted to F2 , and supported her question " Who needs enemies when I 've got a brother like you ? " Bree Treacy of RTÉ Ten found both of the Valentines annoying.
US 41 and the unsigned M @-@ 554 under city jurisdiction ; at the same time , the state would take over a section of McClellan Avenue to extend M @-@ 553 to its current northern terminus at the Marquette Bypass.
Only one structure on the island , the Immigration Detention Centre , is constructed to cyclone @-@ standards on the island.
When the Socialist Revolutionary Party 's leadership was found guilty of conspiring against the government in a trial held between June and August 1922 , Lenin called for their execution ; they were instead imprisoned indefinitely , only being executed during the Great Purges of Stalin 's leadership.
In the column , she wrote about her daily activities but also her humanitarian concerns.
However , with Bryant representing a common adversary , for the first time in years , gay men and lesbians united to work together on the campaign ..
Platamon controlled the entrance to the <unk> Gulf , and with the surrender of Serres in late 1221 , Theodore cut the land connection between Constantinople and Thessalonica as well.
The creek reappears in Edwardsville and flows west for a few tenths of a mile before turning south and then south @-@ southwest.
In May 1999 , she became the youngest woman ever named to Ebony magazine 's 100 + Most Influential Black Americans list ; in November of that year , the same publication named her as one of " 10 For Tomorrow " in the " Ebony 2000 : Special Millennium Issue ".
In a flashback , Homer , Lenny , and Carl are hiking in the woods and are confronted by a young Fat Tony , but they are saved by a young Moe ..
Miller 's irreverent nature was cited as a possible reason for the board 's selection.
The building style of the Temple of Tohil is similar to that of the most important temples of Mayapan and Chichen Itza , far to the north in the Yucatan Peninsula.
However , no government has yet , or seems likely to , institute such reform.
Taylor finally arrived in the nation 's capital on February 24 and soon met with the outgoing President Polk.
Rachel Winter also attached to produce the film ..
Four men on Grenade were wounded by splinters from near misses during this time and she rescued 36 sailors , but twenty of them died of their wounds before the ship reached Scapa Flow on 5 May ..
He also recognized Matthias I of Hungary as his suzerain and received , in return , Ciceu and Cetatea de Baltă in Transylvania.
Liv Ullmann 's adaptation of August Strindberg 's Miss Julie with Jessica Chastain and Samantha Morton.
In How to Settle the Irish Question ( 1917 ) , he envisaged a federal arrangement , with national and imperial parliaments.
During Phase 2 @.@ 1 the APG @-@ 65 radar was replaced with the improved AN / APG @-@ 73 , and the aircraft were fitted with a secure voice encryption communications system as well as various updates to their computer systems.
A light @-@ rail scheme was proposed in 1982 as the least expensive rail @-@ based transport solution for Manchester city centre and the surrounding Greater Manchester metropolitan area.
Two days later , a group of Urrea 's men surrounded Ward and the last of his group less than 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) from Victoria.
People jumped to help , and he pushed them away like , ' Don 't help me.
Several other companies , including <unk> , KTM , <unk> , and Yamaha have done development on two @-@ wheel drive motorcycles , and have found that the addition of power to the front as well as the rear wheel aids in stability , particularly in corners and in the hands of novice riders.
Further simulations using a subadult specimen estimated as weighing 715 kilograms ( 1 @,@ 576 lb ) when alive produced a model that could run or hop bipedally , use a trot , pace , or single foot symmetric quadrupedal gait , or move at a gallop.
The two Sky riders then joined up with Tony Gallopin ( Lotto – Soudal ) and chased hard throughout the 15 @-@ kilometre ( 9 @.@ 3 mi ) descent.
" Soon after , Beiderbecke began pursuing a career in music ..
Paolo Di Canio was announced has his replacement the following day , bringing his own backroom staff.
The storm quickly weakened inland and dissipated over Alabama on August 2 ..
After Holt 's sudden resignation in early 2006 , Idaho tried to get out of the game to no avail ; the Vandals athletic program received $ 600 @,@ 000 for their appearance in the game.
The JNA ordered its border guards posted along the Hungarian border from Čakovec to Ludbreg to lay land mines around their facilities , then cross into Hungary and surrender to that country 's authorities ..
It was released over the Internet on November 29 , 2004 for Windows PCs , and is rated for all ages.
Each college at the University of Toronto operates its own set of residence halls and dining halls clustered in a different area of the campus.
Both make a long turn to the southeast and then back to the southwest around Graham Hills County Park , where it receives Nanny Hagen Brook from the east , before crossing back to the parkway 's west in the flood plain around the base of the hills as road , river and rail pass the unincorporated hamlets of Thornwood , and Hawthorne , where the Harlem Line turns to the south ..
Clashes between the communist and the Kuomintang supporters were common.
In the seventh season episode " Requiem " , he is believed to be killed after being pushed down a flight of stairs by Alex Krycek until the ninth season finale " The Truth " , where Mulder and Scully travel through remote New Mexico and reach a pueblo where a " wise man " reputedly lives and is revealed to be Cigarette Smoking Man.
Construction on a limited @-@ access extension south to Empire Boulevard ( three blocks west of NY 47 's western terminus ) began at some point between 1956 and 1958 and was completed by 1960 as a realignment of US 104.
Shearer also saw red for the second time in his career this season , after allegedly elbowing an opposition player in a match against Charlton Athletic.
The stern voice of his father at last checked the wild torrent of words ; they took him to bed , and a profound sleep of twelve hours restored him to his normal state ".
The local towns campaigned to keep the castle operational but in 1636 Charles issued an instruction to demolish it ; the garrison , by now led by Captain Thomas Porter , left the next year , followed by the artillery ..
By marrying Aspasia without the permission of the Archbishop , Alexander was to cause a major scandal ..
This is a product of the University of Nottingham 's project on Sophocles ' fragmentary plays.
Further out were the pastures , the entire area utilized by a single settlement having a radius of about 5 km.
Only six hours after the NHC issued its first advisory the agency upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Marie , the thirteenth named storm of the 2014 season.
On 26 December 1805 , The Times newspaper in London reported the signal as ; " England expects every officer and man to do his duty this day ".
He was also told that should Yeo be intent on fighting the Haitian ship then he should indicate it with a bow gun fired ahead of Heureuse Réunion.
It is found in the northeastern , southeastern , and southern United States as well as southern Canada , where it grows solitarily or in small groups on the ground in mixed woods.
The gun mountings were modified to allow elevation up to 20 degrees ; the range was correspondingly increased to 23 @,@ 200 m.
One part of the episode that never made the final cut was an extended look at Michelle 's love life.
Malach also established the Institute for Educational Research ( <unk> ) in 1964 as a center for educational experimentation.
Rodney followed off her port quarter ; Tovey intended to steam directly at Bismarck until he was about 8 nmi ( 15 km ; 9 @.@ 2 mi ) away.
Continuing through the Cretaceous period and into the early Tertiary , there was uplifting in the area of the Colorado Plateau , the San Juan Mountains , and the La Plata Mountains , which led to the formation of the Mesa Verde pediment with the help of erosion.
The impact on the world cobalt economy from this conflict was smaller than expected : cobalt is a rare metal , the pigment is highly toxic , and the industry had already established effective ways for recycling cobalt materials.
Milk had recently taken a new lover , a young man named Jack Lira , who was frequently drunk in public , and just as often escorted out of political events by Milk 's aides.
Santa Catharina had a single 120 @-@ pounder Whitworth rifled muzzle loader ( RML ) in her gun turret.
In 1898 , Palairet topped 1 @,@ 000 first @-@ class runs for the third season out of four.
These hearings may be held anywhere in Australia , are often broadcast , and result in a published transcript ( Hansard ) that records the evidence taken.
Uyghur is most commonly written in a Perseo @-@ Arabic script.
But Hitler was adamant , and he issued a direct order to the panzer commander Heinz Guderian — bypassing Guderian 's commanding officer , von Bock — to send Army Group Center 's tanks to the north and south , temporarily halting the drive to Moscow ..
Mehldau himself indicated that some of his compositions address a specific need , such as integrating a particular rhythm into his trio , while others emerge from something he has played while improvising.
Ljotić remained on active service after the war ended , with a unit guarding the border between the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes and the Kingdom of Italy near the town of Bakar.
The refuge grew from what was once a former dairy farm that spanned 400 acres ( 160 ha ) to more than 800 acres ( 320 ha ) by September 1998.
In the commentary to A Vision of the Last Judgment , Blake claimed that the image originated in a particular vision he experienced that allowed him to see the host of Heaven praising God.
The royal part of the name may have come from the fact that there was a carved king 's head on the building , from a time when The King 's Head Inn occupied part of the premises , but whether this represented King John or another king is not known.
The road travels northwesterly , bordered on the east by a large tailing pond owned by Kennecott Utah Copper and part of the former Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad rail line , which is now owned by the Union Pacific Railroad ( UP ).
By March 1964 , Goudhurst station yard was in use for the dismantling of track panels into their component parts.
From approximately 10 − 6 seconds after the Big Bang , during a period is known as the hadron epoch , the temperature of the universe had fallen sufficiently to allow quarks to bind together into hadrons , and the mass of the Universe was dominated by hadrons.
This was later expanded on 15 September to include all of the Militia , in two drafts of 40 @,@ 000 men , for one month 's continuous training , however , the suspension on compulsory training introduced in 1929 was not amended until January 1940.
After gains in the 1866 election the radicals took control of Reconstruction away from Johnson.
The circulation pieces were initially struck for use in the West Indies , but beginning in 1845 , were coined for use in Britain as well.
It also contains the sound of distant sirens and " grinding porn @-@ movie " guitar licks.
In June 1999 , the contract to jointly develop and produce the Chengdu FC @-@ 1 / Super 7 was signed.
Their competition weakened both parties throughout the 1970s.
" It is suspected that the species preferred habitat at a lower altitude , and that the collected pair may have been driven to higher elevations by deforestation in the lowlands ..
BSÉ felt the pair needed to partner with a production company that had experience in the field , and which could help raise the remaining funds.
Michael Schumacher and Barrichello maintained their pace from Friday and were second and third fastest.
The plot of Bart 's nightmare is a parody of The Twilight Zone episode " It 's a Good Life " , which was remade as part of Twilight Zone : The Movie.
From 1981 – 89 , Lutosławski refused all professional engagements in Poland as a gesture of solidarity with the artists ' boycott.
The city operates four public high schools which cover grades 9 – 12 : David H. Hickman High School , Rock Bridge High School , Muriel Battle High School , and Frederick Douglass High School.
Bacteria do not have an exosome complex ; however , similar functions are performed by a simpler complex that includes the protein PNPase , called the degradosome ..
The British fleet left Scapa Flow as a single group on 14 July.
The demand for illuminated manuscripts declined towards the end of the century , perhaps because of the costly production process in comparison to panel painting.
It was found that at certain concentrations , which were well above any normally found in the field , growth was increased and metamorphosis accelerated , but at others , there was no significant difference between the experimental tadpoles and controls.
The autumn is usually cool and dry.
They had a maximum range of about 30 @,@ 000 meters ( 33 @,@ 000 yd ) with a 55 @-@ kilogram ( 121 lb ) shell at a muzzle velocity of 950 m / s ( 3 @,@ 100 ft / s ) ..
Down two points with 0 @.@ 9 seconds left in the game , Damian Lillard hit a buzzer @-@ beating three @-@ pointer to close out the series , and the Blazers advanced to the semifinals for the first time since 2000 , where they lost to the eventual champion San Antonio Spurs in 5 games ..
The show was aired on PBS at 8pm EST live and tape delay PT ..
Me me me me me , ' so that 's what that song is about.
All mesons are unstable because of weak decay.
However , Pam 's fiancé Roy ( David Denman ) catches this and sees it as an attempt by Jim to make a move on Pam.
To make matters worse , Sam Loxton was injured and could not bat , so Australia were effectively six wickets down and faced their first loss to an English county since 1912.
In October 1941 , he was ordered to report to the Naval Air Station Pensacola , an unusual destination for a non @-@ aviator.
Ambrose was happy with his third @-@ place finish , " We learned a lot for Sunday , we got a good result.
In the opening round , Mann faced Tetsuya Yamada and defeated him via unanimous decision ( 30 – 29 , 30 – 29 , 30 – 29 ).
Not only was his head shaved every day , but he had to undergo hours of make @-@ up treatments on his head , in various color combinations , so that his natural hairline did not show up on film.
The game 's theme song , " Change your Way " , was written and sung by British singer @-@ songwriter Elisha La 'Verne , and the music was composed by <unk> La 'Verne wrote the song with the premise of Eternal Punishment in mind , and so she wanted the song to sound positive.
Critics gave generally positive to mixed reviews for the Anthology version of the game.
Low back pain ( LBP ) is a common disorder involving the muscles , nerves , and bones of the back.
Axelrod and his musicians used key musical phrases that are expanded upon throughout Song of Innocence.
The leader of the demonstrators ran up to Compton and said : " Mr Compton , you very good player , but you must stop ".
The former reaction is carried out at room temperature , by adding hydrofluoric acid to a solution containing actinium ions.
Fletcher graduated from the University of Kentucky and joined the United States Air Force to pursue his dream of becoming an astronaut.
He often gives advice and warnings to Renji and others.
It has since been certified four times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association , denoting shipments of over 280 @,@ 000 copies of the single.
The USAAF was not able to mount further attacks on the Japanese home islands after this raid , however , as none of its combat aircraft had sufficient range to reach this area from bases in China or the Pacific until the B @-@ 29 Superfortress heavy bomber was ready for combat ..
It was the first time he had worked as a voice @-@ over artist , unlike on Blue 's Clues , when he was able to be more physical acting in front of a blue screen.
Faryl was released in the US on 5 May.
He won the SBC batting title and led the conference in RBI.
The entirety of the film has not survived.
The words beside the boxes read : " Hooker , Liar , Porn Star , <unk> , Trouble Maker , <unk> " ..
Because it was only generally accepted as a planet in the 17th century , there is no tradition of naming it after a god.
Aside from Brown and Johnston 's inclusion , Australia 's team was the same as that which started the previous Ashes series in 1946 – 47 , which they won 3 – 0 ..
Hurricane Uleki , the strongest hurricane in the Central Pacific region during the season , caused two drownings in Oahu and heavy waves hit the coast of the Hawaiian Islands.
The close similarities between Gorgosaurus libratus and Albertosaurus sarcophagus have led many experts to combine them into one genus over the years.
To help attract the public , 41 @-@ year @-@ old head coach Bob Cousy made a short comeback.
Bloodgood , the female lead , did not have to audition for the role.
This fundamental re @-@ write was accomplished both through editing the principal footage , and new and revised scenes filmed during pick @-@ ups in 2004 ..
At first he was opposed to abolitionism , believing the movement did more harm than good.
Anna Gardner ( Felicity Jones ) , a British exchange student attending college in Los Angeles , meets and falls in love with Jacob Helm ( Anton Yelchin ) , an American student who returns her affections.
For Hartley , writes Wilson , " the past is not a foreign country " , but ever @-@ present.
Tom Shales of The Washington Post called him " the most electrifying new main character to hit television in years ".
The team was entirely funded by its members and their fellow students.
Women of the Song period are typically seen as well educated and interested in expressing themselves through poetry , yet more reserved , respectful , " slender , petite and dainty , " according to Gernet.
He died there in 1601 and was buried in the Cathedral ..
Seeing this plan , Óspak deserted his brother during the night with ten ships.
The MFR estimated peak 10 minute winds of 175 km / h ( 110 mph ) within the basin , making it an intense tropical cyclone ; it was the third consecutive year in which there was a November storm of such intensity.
MTV 's alternative rock show 120 Minutes insisted on premiering the video , but Cobain felt the program would not properly convey the humor of the " pop idol " version.
Perot was a hawk on the Vietnam War , an advocate for Americans held as prisoner of war and a supporter for their families.
His paternal grandparents are John and Beatrice Lockett and his maternal grandparents are Marvin D. Hopson and Shirley Edwards ..
Her performance was noted and commented upon by the senior leadership of the Royal Navy : Lord Fisher criticised Pelly 's performance , calling him a " <unk> " and adding " The Tiger 's gunnery seems to have been <unk> bad on January 24 , yet she seems to have had a lot of practice.
In the mid @-@ 1980s , Clorox ( parent of Kingsford Charcoal ) and 7 @-@ Eleven provided the primary funding for the Daylight Saving Time Coalition behind the 1987 extension to US DST , and both Idaho senators voted for it based on the premise that during DST fast @-@ food restaurants sell more French fries , which are made from Idaho potatoes ..
At the time of his birth , his parents lived in an apartment in <unk> in the south of Stockholm County , but a short time afterwards the family moved to London , where his father worked as a consultant for Shell.
Just a few items were stolen from Martínez Pérez 's house while valuable goods were left behind , so they allege that theft was not the real motive behind her murder.
Although the dates of composition of most of this poetry remain uncertain , much of it is probably considerably older than the manuscripts.
The station , which has three through @-@ lines and two island platforms , but minimal facilities , is managed by Great Western Railway , the seventh company to be responsible for the station , and the third franchise since privatisation in 1997.
Soon after they had departed , PT @-@ 35 belatedly arrived at rendezvous point.
The main armament consisted of four 40 @-@ calibre 12 @-@ inch ( 305 mm ) guns mounted in twin gun turrets fore and aft of the superstructure.
Hoskins uses the first few pages of this chapter as an introduction , beginning with praise for William Wordsworth 's A Guide through the District of the Lakes ( 1810 ) , and from which he quotes a passage in which the reader is asked to envisage " an image of the tides visiting and revisiting the <unk> , the main sea dashing against the bolder shore ".
A story about the problems with the evidence was published in the Daily Mail on October 12 , 2005 , at the request of Jeremy , though it was not written by him.
When a whooping cough epidemic convinced Brodie 's mother to homeschool Fawn 's sister Flora , who was two years older , Fawn more than kept pace.
If this is correct , the book was never a personal possession of Cuthbert , as has sometimes been thought , but was possibly created specifically to be placed in his coffin , whether for the occasion of his elevation in 698 or at another date.
Yorke explained the image as emblematic of exploitation , saying , " Someone 's being sold something they don 't really want , and someone 's being friendly because they 're trying to sell something.
He played youth football for Newport Boys ' Club and then Middlesbrough Swifts , who were coached by influential manager Bill Sanderson.
Still , he is so nervous at Macbeth 's approach that he demands their return.
When the mutiny was put down , he had the leader flogged , put in irons , and sent to England aboard another ship.
As the peloton closed in , the bus was freed , and the decision was reversed.
From January of 2016 the Cinema is being operated by Plaza Entertainment ..
Burges 's furniture is characterised by its historical style , its mythological iconography , its vibrant painting and , often , by rather poor workmanship.
However , the founder of Eastern Han abolished the fourteen salary @-@ ranks in favor of three ranks with no definite salary ; instead , the concubines were irregularly granted gifts.
Philadelphia 's pledge of religious tolerance attracted many other religions beside Quakers.
In this poll 41 % of the 776 people polled said they watched the show regularly , and 61 % of this group ( 194 people , or 25 % of the total ) disagreed with the idea that the show portrayed Italian Americans in a negative light.
The heaviest borrowings are said to be from Elliot Goldenthal 's 1999 score for Titus.
After 1975 , NYSDOT , who took control of the parkways from the LISPC , started demolishing some of the stations , including the Meadowbrook , which ended up being one of the first buildings to go.
It is recommended that mitoxantrone be discontinued at the first signs of heart damage , infection or liver dysfunction during therapy.
If a person has a previous diagnosis of epilepsy with previous imaging , repeating the imaging is usually not needed even if there are subsequent seizures ..
When Surrey travelled to Taunton later that season , most likely expecting an easy win to secure a second consecutive championship , Hewett top @-@ scored for his team with 55 in the first @-@ innings as Somerset reached 194.
The American jets were larger , faster , longer @-@ ranged , and more cost @-@ effective than the Comet.
The game tells the story of the Transformers , fictional robotic life forms , and the final days of conflict on their home planet of Cybertron.
However , the crowds reportedly did not respond positively to the pairing due to their creative differences ..
Rip currents along the coast of the Florida Panhandle resulted in at least 10 lifeguard rescues at Pensacola Beach , while a portion of a store in the same city was washed away.
Kate Smith returned in 1958 for her final radio series , which ran from January to August.
Animal Welfare Act ( AWA ) regulations are enforced by the USDA , whereas Public Health Service regulations are enforced by <unk> and in many cases by <unk> ..
Released in December 1995 , " Free as a Bird " was the first new Beatles single since 1970.
<unk> and colleagues suggest that its below @-@ ground association with spruce roots protects it from physical damage in the event of a fire , and the extensive fruitbody production after a fire may reflect " a successful fungal escape from a dying host where the fungus no longer can maintain its biotrophic association " ..
They are only 700 feet below the summit , but four hours away.
He drinks the sap flowing from the bark.
Florida State had three players selected , led by wide receiver Javon Walker , who was picked in the first round ( 20th overall ) by the Green Bay Packers.
From late February to early May the band recorded their sixth studio album entitled Lost in the Sound of Separation , which was released on September 2 , 2008 , and peaked at number 8 on the Billboard 200.
The Yugoslav Defence Ministry brushed away the accusation , claiming that the attack was not authorized by the central command and suggesting that the event might have been stage @-@ managed by the Croatian authorities.
Therefor , civil war took place which was about succession to the office of caliphate.
Catholic missionary activity among the Métis expanded greatly in the early 19th century with the Catholic Church becoming particularly established in Saint Paul.
Upon the overthrow , in March 1917 , the " Worker 's Marseillaise " , Pyotr Lavrov 's modification of the French anthem " La Marseillaise " , was used as an unofficial anthem by the Russian Provisional Government.
" D 'oh ! " was first added to The New Oxford Dictionary of English in 1998.
He was outrighted to the River Cats on May 21.
Edward was buried in the shirt , coif and gloves from his coronation , and his effigy depicts him as king , holding a sceptre and orb , and wearing a strawberry @-@ leaf crown.
Simpson said he was satisfied the accident was not caused by failure of any part of the aircraft 's structure , its engines or its controls ; or failure to remove any of the flight @-@ control clamps prior to takeoff ..
Jakobsson initially printed guest editorials rather than writing his own ; when he took over the editorial page his work was unremarkable.
Before the Suspension Bridge was completed , fugitives either crossed the raging river on a boat or risked their lives by swimming at calmer points of the river.
British DJ Hervé 's mix of Mercury " removes the horns of the original and instead includes keyboards in an electro house @-@ like composition.
Both weapons could elevate 25 ° and depress 10 °.
In 1968 a joint resolution of the Virginia General Assembly approved a new commission , chaired by former Governor <unk> Harrison , to revise the constitution ..
Île de la Passe was vitally important in the control of Grand Port because it featured a heavy battery that covered the entrance to the channel , thus controlling the passage to the sheltered inner lagoon.
Ocean appears in the violent clip revolving around an inter @-@ dimensional love story and zombies.
In Leng 's description , the finished recording opens with Harrison 's " heaviest @-@ ever intro " – the " shattering concoction " of Harrison and Clapton 's " angry " guitar riffs , " sledgehammer " drums from Gordon , and Wright 's " roaring " Hammond organ – before the music " slips into the cool waters of a balmy , smooth sensuality " for the first verse.
The tomb was placed on the crest of a hill donated by Harvey 's longtime friends and neighbors Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth <unk>.
<unk> kicks , unlike an ordinary free kick , can be recovered by the kicking team — but only after the ball has traveled 10 yards.
" Stop " was released in the United Kingdom on 9 March 1998 , in two single versions.
Herb then decides that Homer , being an average American , is the perfect person to design a new car for his company ..
The assembly 's own members can be expected to play a major role in pushing for its evolution by seeking a UN Charter amendment to make it a " principal organ " in parallel with the General Assembly.
Apart from Spain and Portugal ( 33 @,@ 217 and 7 @,@ 684 pairs in 2004 / 05 respectively ) , populations are generally much less stable.
The matter was eventually dropped and Benson demolished the external fortifications , created a Great Hall and planted trees and rare plants around the island ..
Combinations of these physical limitations place some plot elements later in the game.
" Ælfheah was buried in St Paul 's Cathedral.
One of the games was a new property known as Polaris.
Her talent , beauty , personality and spirit make her such an incredible person to look up to and respect.
On average , precipitation falls in Ashland on 114 days each year and totals about 20 inches ( 510 mm ).
According to Robert Hilburn from Los Angeles Times , it was performed with equal energy and style of the album 's quality.
Beginning in about the 1920s , African American churches featured early gospel in the form of worshipers proclaiming their religious devotion ( testifying ) in an improvised , often musical manner.
A range of individual solutions for a selection of huts within the massif and elsewhere in the Alps was identified by a project run by Espace Mont Blanc between 2007 and 2013 ..
Williams was eliminated after recording 37 @.@ 5 seconds , 4 @.@ 2 seconds behind the lead.
A lot of her charm and the charm of the character is there.
HCI recently developed its own wiki platform , called the Hwa Chong Institution <unk> , which further supports collaborative learning and interacting for all staff and students of HCI.
Today , since the climate is more arid , these erosional processes are slowed ..
The tribe of the Polans ( Polanie , lit.
He was the top pitcher on the team entering the 2008 season , and during the Phillies ' postseason run , during which they ultimately won the 2008 World Series , he won the World Series Most Valuable Player Award.
Pichegru bungled at least one opportunity to seize Clerfayt 's supply base in the Battle of Handschuhsheim.
She later spoke to Jackson , telling him to marry " that nice girl , Debbie " and " give your child a name , not like your poor , half @-@ sister , Joh <unk> ".
It has since been shown regularly on Venezuelan television ; the state @-@ funded community station <unk> <unk> often broadcasts the film during " contentious political <unk> " , such as the 2004 recall referendum , the 2006 presidential election , and in 2007 to " help build support " for the government 's controversial attempt to not renew the license of private television network RCTV ..
Shortly thereafter , Samuel Alito became the fifth on the Court , and the eleventh in the history of the Court.
When I went to university , I became more critical.
She dies moments later in Sayid 's arms.
The project was overseen by Premier Health employee Joann Ringer , who later became chief operating officer of the facility ..
Veitch worked as a stripper for four years in the Las Vegas area and California.
The expedition , named after its supply ship , was a private venture , financed by public contributions augmented by a government grant.
" We had things like Manhattan being destroyed building by building , the White House went and so did the Empire State Building.
R & B and classic hip hop melodies were also used depending on the scenes , and each character had a specific theme.
Slovenia participated for the first time , upsetting Slovakia in the round robin before losing to Sweden in the quarterfinals , for its best finish in any international tournament.
At some point during his short stay on the island , he appears to have done some work for a Washington D.C. firm called West Indies Minerals Incorporated.
Susan Hall wrote that there is no rule of law in the books , as the actions of Ministry of Magic officials are unconstrained by laws , accountability or any kind of legal challenge.
The KAR and militia took Mbombwe without encountering resistance on 26 January after many of the rebels , including Chilembwe , fled , hoping to reach safety in neighbouring Portuguese East Africa ( modern Mozambique ).
Barn swallows ( and other small passerines ) often have characteristic feather holes on their wing and tail feathers.
Sheamus attacked him weeks later , setting up a match at WrestleMania XXVI , which Triple H won.
The British market experienced a rapid growth of plug @-@ in car sales during 2014 , driven by the introduction of new models such as the BMW i3 , Tesla Model S , Mitsubishi Outlander P @-@ HEV , Renault Zoe , and Volkswagen e @-@ Up !.
" Going , Going , Gone " picks up about one month after the crash , and throughout the episode , features home videos of Sloan.
Kaling herself confirmed via her Twitter page that she would write the Christmas @-@ themed episode , " Christmas Wishes ".
Born in Walsall , West Midlands , Till came through the Birmingham City youth system after joining the club as a schoolboy and he signed a two @-@ year professional contract on 4 July 2005.
Alexios I Komnenos , the newly crowned Byzantine Emperor , dispatched an urgent message to Selvo asking for the mobilization of the Venetian fleet in defense of Durazzo in return for great rewards.
The sixth named storm and third typhoon of the annual typhoon season , Noul formed as a tropical depression over the eastern Caroline Islands on May 2 , 2015.
The plague was carried by fleas on sailing vessels returning from the ports of Asia , spreading quickly due to lack of proper sanitation : the population of England , then about 4 @.@ 2 million , lost 1 @.@ 4 million people to the bubonic plague.
Bede 's Life recounts that Cuthbert was initially buried in a stone sarcophagus to the right of the altar in the church at Lindisfarne ; he had wanted to be buried at the hermitage on Inner Farne Island where he died , but before his death was persuaded to allow his burial at the main monastery.
Popular commercially published campaign settings for Dungeons & Dragons include Greyhawk , Dragonlance , Forgotten Realms , <unk> , Spelljammer , Ravenloft , Dark Sun , Planescape , Birthright , and Eberron.
" Human Nature " , co @-@ written by Steve Porcaro of the band Toto , is moody and introspective , as conveyed in lyrics such as , " Looking out , across the morning , the City 's heart begins to beat , reaching out , I touch her shoulder , I 'm dreaming of the street " ..
The Do 17M could carry a bomb load of either 20 SC50 50 kg ( 110 lb ) or two <unk> 250 kg ( 550 lb ) bombs or 10 SC50 and a single <unk> bomb.
St. Louis struggled offensively in his first games with the Rangers as he went 14 games without scoring a goal.
When asked in 2007 about his part by the San Jose Mercury News , he responded , " that was 100 years ago , " hung up the phone and did not answer any of the paper 's subsequent calls for an interview about his guest spot ..
In his 1707 work Archaeologia Britannica Edward Lhuyd , keeper of the Ashmolean Museum , noted the similarity between the two Celtic language families : Brythonic or P – Celtic ( Breton , Cornish and Welsh ) ; and Goidelic or Q – Celtic ( Irish , Manx and Scottish Gaelic ).
The 2 / 4th Machine Gun Battalion was an Australian Army unit raised for service with the all volunteer Second Australian Imperial Force ( 2nd AIF ) during the Second World War.
They were to contribute troops to the expedition , and to pay the Athenians ten talents.
Submerged arc welding ( SAW ) is a high @-@ productivity welding method in which the arc is struck beneath a covering layer of flux.
After Johnson 's retirement , Marcus 's invitations were among the few the former president and his wife continued to accept.
The regiments of the 24th Infantry were systematically pushed south in engagements around Chochiwon , Chonan , and Pyongtaek.
Countries ranking in the middle include Japan , Germany , the UK and the United States ..
Other small DLC packs include a set of houses themed after the game 's factions , a new dungeon , and new spells that were absent in the initial release.
The royal antelope may also be found in the region north to the forested areas of western Africa , which is marked by the interface of forest and savannah habitats ..
Once in the Gulf of Mexico , the hurricane quickly strengthened , and attained its peak intensity on August 29 as a Category 3 hurricane with winds of 115 mph ( 185 km / h ).
Governor of Petén Department <unk> Regalado remarked that , " many communities are cut off by flooded rivers ".
Bowie would later cover " I Took a Trip on a Gemini Space Ship " on 2002 's Heathen ..
Within minutes the first filters had burned out , allowing plutonium particles to escape from the building exhaust stacks.
NY 31 begins at an intersection with NY 104 in northern Niagara Falls.
Robert Lynn Bomar ( January 21 , 1901 – June 11 , 1964 ) was an American football end in the National Football League ( NFL ).
Many men discharged due to frustration and discontent , while the battalions were not strong enough to undertake meaningful training activities and their barracks were in a state of disrepair.
Pitchfork placed the record at number 16 in its list of " Top 20 Albums of 2000 " , commenting " Sleater @-@ Kinney chanced losing some riot [ grrrl ] cred in favor of writing songs that cover a more diverse spectrum of emotions and themes , and came up their most compelling and political record to date ".
In the following year , Bowen was retained by the Heat.
The genius of Danny DeVito is all but swallowed up in the paraphernalia of the role.
On the other front , the forces divided in two parts.
In August 1941 , he became Commanding Officer of No. 221 Squadron RAF , a Coastal Command unit flying Vickers Wellingtons on reconnaissance and anti @-@ submarine patrols out of Iceland during the Battle of the Atlantic.
Shortly after the 2008 – 09 season he was released , and joined Stevenage on a free transfer in May 2009.
The Cape Victory made brief port calls at Honolulu and Eniwetok but the passengers were not permitted to leave the dock area.
She posted many of her songs and videos from 2002 onwards on platforms such as MySpace ..
In viruses made from DNA , the method of mRNA production is similar to that of the cell.
The lyrics of " Waka Waka ( This Time for Africa ) " compare football ( soccer ) players to soldiers on a battlefield and encourage them to fight for their goals.
Following a police investigation that lasted over a year , on 21 August 1984 the trial against Heidemann and Kujau opened in Hamburg.
The location of a main power line between Chile and Argentina close to Tuzgle may assist in power generation , and some hot springs could be exploited for tourism ..
In a 24 @-@ hour period , the Ocean City Beach Patrol rescued about 120 people caught in rip currents.
He then served as professor of chemistry at Amherst College from 1852 to 1867.
Sanford found his years in the Senate frustrating.
Queen Ranavalona II died during the height of these hostilities in July 1883.
According to Muslim tradition , Muhammad also sent letters to many rulers , asking them to convert to Islam ( the exact date is given variously in the sources ).
Radio Paz is a Spanish @-@ language radio ministry of the Archdiocese of Miami founded in December 1990.
He made his NHL debut on October 11 , 2008 against the San Jose Sharks , and scored his first goal on October 20 against the Colorado Avalanche.
Players may control the Piper PA @-@ <unk> @-@ 200 , de Havilland Canada DHC @-@ 2 Beaver , Beechcraft Baron 58 , North American P @-@ 51D Mustang or Cessna 172.
Carillon , located near the southern end of Lake Champlain , occupied a place that was strategic in importance even before Samuel de Champlain discovered it in 1609 , controlling access to a key portage trail between Champlain and Lake George along the main travel route between the Hudson River valley and the Saint Lawrence River.
He was certified the winner of the election and inaugurated at Fort Clayton on December 20 , 1989.
In 1940 , the two highways swapped streets , with US 213 following Main Street and the other highway using Church Street from US 13 ( now US 13 Business ) to the intersection of Main Street and Church Street on the east side of Salisbury.
He had his lowest ERA that year ( 2 @.@ 34 ) and won another World Series as the Giants defeated the Texas Rangers to win their first World Series since 1954.
In " The Affair of the Hollow Lady " , a greengrocer ( played by Barbara Windsor ) develops a soft spot for Victor and tries to convince Margaret that he has been unfaithful to her.
McGill 's company JM Packaging made a proposal to the ST to become majority shareholders , and would lend the club £ 650 @,@ 000 to cover the current losses and meet the loan repayments for the next five years.
Following graduation , Scott worked as a news reporter and weekend sports anchor at <unk> @-@ TV in Florence , South Carolina from 1987 until 1988.
These performances prompted Woodfull to write in the school magazine that " Miller has Test possibilities ".
The two bridges for I @-@ 15 's southbound and northbound roadways were built in 1966 and are two 159 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 48 @.@ 5 m ) concrete continuous tee beam overpasses ..
Three of Oxford 's crew had won two Boat Races each , while Cambridge featured two former Blues who had won none.
Susan ( who has sneaked out a window ) unwittingly drags the irritated circus leopard into the jail ; David saves her , using a chair to shoo the big cat into a cell ..
Both singles charted inside the top ten in the United Kingdom and United States.
He said " It 's an impressive feat of sustained narrative craftsmanship ".
Kevin Yeoman of The Christian Science Monitor and E ! Online journalist Tierney Bricker concluded that the episode managed to effectively surprise the audience , while Cyriaque Lamar of io9 declared that " Judge , Jury , Executioner " was inferior to its predecessor by writing that it " served up a bunch of quasi @-@ entertaining scenes of people arguing and capped them off with one of the most accidentally funny closers ever committed to basic cable ".
O 'Keefe 's replacement , Michael D. Griffin , took just two months after his appointment to announce that he disagreed with O 'Keefe 's decision , and would consider sending a shuttle to repair Hubble.
" A tie @-@ in advert featured the orchestral element of " Another Way to Die.
From there he took a position in repertory theatre and made his stage debut in September 1934 at the Palladium Theatre in Edinburgh in the J. B. Priestley play Dangerous Corner.
The original structure , part of the old World Trade Center , was completed in 1987 and was destroyed in the September 11 attacks.
With charcoal salvaged from around the camp , he drew two murals : Nativity , which featured a Malay Madonna and Descent from the Cross in which he included soldiers in uniforms , using his comrades as models.
Later in her combat diary Shanina would recall Arkhangelsk 's stadium Dinamo , and the cinemas , Ars and Pobeda.
In this interpretation , the cover art and lyrics convey what they refer to as the self @-@ indulgent " gangsta " lifestyle , drugs , cars , sex , and money.
This allows Thalaba to demand information about the sorcerers and why his family was killed.
Justice William Douglas delivered the opinion of the Court which said that the treaty did not prevent state regulations that were reasonable and necessary under a fish conservation scheme , provided the regulation was not discriminatory ..
The last estimate indicated there would be 590 evacuees , 146 US nationals and 444 Cambodians and third country nationals.
The crown prince of Asgard , based on the Norse mythological deity of the same name.
Such clans held that the land was the property of the clan ancestors , and such ties between the land and the ancestors were reinforced by the burial of the dead within residential compounds ..
In the Disney on Ice reenactment of the movie in 1986 @-@ 1987 , and then in 1994 – 1997 and again in 2000 – 2001 , she was voiced by Louise Chamis and played by various skaters beginning with Melanie Scott in 1986 @-@ 1987 , and including Elena <unk> , who was substituted by Davina Lee @-@ Gooding in 1995.
During that period , general relativity remained something of a curiosity among physical theories.
Nationwide , Inez injured at least 38 people , and caused five deaths , three of which occurred after Inez moved southwestward from the Florida Keys.
The last major design change — also at General LeMay 's insistence — was a switch from the B @-@ 47 style tandem seating to a more conventional side @-@ by @-@ side cockpit , which increased the effectiveness of the copilot and reduced crew fatigue.
For La belle Hélène , Offenbach secured Hortense Schneider to play the title role.
However , the man does not speak English , and a disappointed Liz hits him with another ball ..
The redenomination ( codenamed Operation Sunrise ) was heavily publicised under the banner Zero to Hero , but was also rapid and disorganised which resulted in many people being unable to convert their old Bearer cheques to new issues before the lapse date , The Reserve Bank Governor Dr. Gideon Gono said that " 10 trillion ( first dollars ) were still out there and it had become manure " ..
Batman remembered the events like in the comic , where a fleeing Joker attempted to escape while trying to claim that he was set up but accidentally fell into the toxic waste and disfigured him.
Finally , it can be used as a basic tool for proving theorems in number theory such as Lagrange 's four @-@ square theorem and the uniqueness of prime factorizations.
In a scuffle which broke out in front of the building , <unk> Gešovski , a JNA conscript from Macedonia , was killed by a shot fired from the crowd.
A special factory has been set up in Nouakchott to <unk> and make cheese from camel milk.
Like Texas , the Cyclones were 0 – 2 in conference play , but they had only a 1 – 5 record overall.
Sudirman took another train in late October , arriving at Gambir Station in Jakarta on 1 November , where he was greeted by large crowds.
His father was a son of Jocelyn / Josceline Percy ( died 1532 ) , whose father was Henry Percy , 4th Earl of Northumberland.
The film is based on the 1986 novel by Winston Groom.
Although Maxwell had suffered heavy losses , he had rallied his cavalry and returned to the field of battle.
Many , especially among those who had been captured earlier and imprisoned longer – such as those in the " Alcatraz Gang " – endured even worse treatment than McCain.
The Earl of Warwick 's coat of arms was unusually complex for the period , with seven different quarterings.
These classes were continued for several years by various judges , but Charles Cruft dropped the attempt as the classes were never heavily competed.
Fauxlivia and Frank postulate Dr. Silva may be trying to breed the beetles in humans , who share similar biological features with sheep ..
However , Oxford states " it does not form part of standard English and should never be used in formal or written contexts , " and Merriam @-@ Webster states it is " widely disapproved as non @-@ standard and more common in the habitual speech of the less educated " ..
" While Wilmington did not find Hoodwinked ! as impressive or beguiling as Shrek , he wrote that " when it 's cooking , it does make you laugh.
Despite the existing Supreme Court stay , in October 2011 Mayawati inaugurated the Rashtriya Dalit <unk> Sthal and Green Garden , built at a cost of ₹ 685 crore.
Ed Semrad , Danyon Carpenter , and Al Manuel of the EGM review panel all noted that the game may have too low a difficulty level ; Semrad disliked the introductory stage and felt that the game was too short as well.
In 1968 the government received the " Metropolitan Adelaide Transport Study ".
In the episode , Ben compares Leslie 's delivery of a perfect presentation despite having the flu to basketball player Michael Jordan 's showing during the 1997 NBA Finals.
Mounted troops are also present , and are armed with either hand weapons , such as swords , or ranged weapons , such as pistols.
Alkali metal cations do not usually form coordination complexes with simple Lewis bases due to their low charge of just + 1 and their relatively large size ; thus the Li + ion forms most complexes and the heavier alkali metal ions form less and less.
He also drew a number of votes from those who sympathized with the views of the American Protective Association , an anti @-@ immigrant , anti @-@ Catholic organization.
On 12 June 1999 , Blunt led the 30 @,@ 000 @-@ strong NATO peacekeeping force from the Macedonia border to Pristina International Airport , however a Russian military contingent had moved in and taken control of the airport before his unit 's arrival.
North & South is a British television drama serial , produced by the BBC and originally broadcast in four episodes on BBC One in November and December 2004.
When the muck dried , it turned to a fine black powder and created dust storms.
One day , they are challenged to a game of chess by Tet , a god from another reality.
During this period , he appeared on a number of collaborative singles , including " Lighters " , a duet with Bad Meets Evil released on July 5 , 2011.
How then , asked Cox , could Elgar be " the most English of composers " ? Cox found the answer in Elgar 's own personality , which " could use the alien idioms in such a way as to make of them a vital form of expression that was his and his alone.
A players association known as the Brotherhood of Professional Ball Players had served as a union and bargaining agent since the mid @-@ 1880s ; now the group 's new league was attempting to compete with established baseball.
Rainfall varies geographically , with the west and northwest of the country receiving more precipitation annually than the east and southeast.
They started to make a variety of twig figurines that usually resembled sheep or deer.
When permission to leave for Europe finally came in early 1812 Brock declined the offer , seeing it as his duty to defend Canada in war against the United States ..
" He described the effort to minimise the number of victims as " frankly , disgusting.
It took until 1929 for Wales to return its first female MP , Megan Lloyd George , the youngest daughter of the former Prime Minister ..
In 296 , Maximian raised an army , from Praetorian cohorts , <unk> , Egyptian , and Danubian legionaries , Gallic and German auxiliaries , and Thracian recruits , advancing through Spain that autumn.
The composer wrote , on 1 April 1884 that he had " come to the end of my tether " with the operas : " I have been continually keeping down the music in order that not one [ syllable ] should be lost.
" I Like You So Much Better When You 're Naked " was first broadcast on January 21 , 2010 in the United States on ABC.
The first investigation , named Sand Trap , examined allegations that a JTF2 member was involved in the 2006 shooting death of an Afghan who was surrendering.
During his reign the Nizamat at Murshidabad became involved in debts.
This style would serve as one of Rubin 's production trademarks and would have a great impact on future hip @-@ hop productions.
I don 't want it to go stale ".
Beginning in February 2008 , US forces began returning political and military control of Anbar Province to Iraqis.
" Scott Shetler of PopCrush noted that he appears to be screaming the vocals during the chorus line : " I only miss you when I 'm breathing " , writing that " his final note [ is ] stretched out for several seconds " ..
On 2 March 1955 Sihanouk abdicated the throne , and was in turn succeeded by his father , Suramarit.
Themistocles , with his power @-@ base firmly established among the poor , moved naturally to fill the vacuum left by Miltiades 's death , and in that decade became the most influential politician in Athens.
The episode was selected for release in a video collection of selected episodes , titled The Last Temptation Of Homer , that was released on November 9 , 1998.
Among the many bands featured in the second season are AC / DC , Lynyrd Skynyrd , and Boston.
It may be submitted that such judicial deference to the executive results in a clear neglect of the enshrined fundamental liberties in the Constitution.
In 1875 , Richard D 'Oyly Carte , who was then managing the Royalty Theatre for Selina Dolaro , brought Gilbert and Sullivan together to write their second show , a one @-@ act opera entitled Trial by Jury.
" Jaime Gill of Yahoo ! Music UK said that the song was a delight and that its falsetto tenderness was absent in the rest of the work.
" Chris Richards of The Washington Post selected it as one of the " gems " of the album , along with " Womanizer ".
Miller came second in St Kilda 's best and fairest for the season ..
In his first full season in Chicago , Suter was looked upon to serve as a team leader and played a key role with the team 's power play.
However , he was not crowned because the royal jewels were still in the dethroned king 's possession.
On her Twitter account , Courtney Love expressed her anger at Cobain 's representation in the game and threatened legal action alongside other companies that represent Cobain 's intellectual property.
Temples were sometimes referred to in hieroglyphic texts as k 'uh nah , meaning " god 's house ".
Dale 's orders were to present a show of force off Algiers , Tripoli , and Tunis and maintain peace with promises of tribute.
The Office for National Statistics estimated that during the period of April 2001 to March 2002 the average gross weekly income of households in Urmston was £ 504 ( £ 26 @,@ 209 per year ) ..
The 1887 Halloween tropical storm was a late @-@ season tropical cyclone that caused significant damage along the East Coast of the United States during Halloween of 1887.
Vaishnavi ( Sanskrit : <unk> ् <unk> , <unk> ) , the power of the preserver @-@ god Vishnu , is described as seated on the Garuda ( eagle @-@ man ) and having four or six arms.
The mission utilized the already existing Stardust spacecraft , which had studied Comet Wild 2 in 2004.
Mankiewicz 's rancor toward Welles grew over the remaining 12 years of his life ..
His father scored a century ( 102 not out ) for North Adelaide against the touring Kent County Cricket Club , reportedly the first century scored at the Adelaide Oval.
In April 2006 , Ofotbanen declared that they were in severe financial difficulties.
Meanwhile , Trupo , whose prized Shelby Mustang Lucas had destroyed , and his men break into Lucas ' mansion to steal his emergency cash supply hidden under the doghouse , killing the dog.
Although the site was initially unstable , rapid sediment accretion stabilised the soil , providing the coast with some protection.
It also received 264 @,@ 000 pay @-@ per @-@ view buys.
Today , the area is generally well served by both commercially operated and tendered bus services.
Transportation to Rockhampton was not normalised until 20 January , when the airport and incoming roads were reopened.
The novel 's protagonist is Lucius , a man who has been magically transformed into a donkey.
It won the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay – Episodic Comedy and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Single @-@ Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series.
Darren accompanies an intoxicated Hannah home and takes a photo of her with no top on.
Crossbows were easier to maintain than matchlocks , especially in the humid tropical climate of the Caribbean region that included much of the Yucatán Peninsula ..
Four days later , after stopping an enemy truck convoy in its tracks by crippling its lead vehicle with machine @-@ gun fire , he reportedly engaged ten Albatros fighters single @-@ handedly ; by the time he had driven them off , four bullets had penetrated his leather flying suit without injuring him , while his plane had absorbed so much punishment that it had to be scrapped when he got back to base.
During his first few days as coach he benches several players who refuse to follow his rules — including <unk> Naik ( Shilpa Shukla ) , his most experienced player.
In flight , when passing conspecifics or circling its own pond , it gives a series of rapid yet rhythmic goose @-@ like cackles - kaa @-@ kaa @-@ kaa or kak @-@ kak @-@ kak , at roughly five calls per second.
In addition , the first segment of the state highway was extended as a 20 @-@ foot @-@ wide ( 6 @.@ 1 m ) macadam road from the county line to the western Old Columbia Pike intersection in Burtonsville ; the macadam road continued south along Old Columbia Pike , which was then designated MD 196.
The study of growth revived when neo @-@ Keynesians Roy Harrod and <unk> Domar independently developed the Harrod – Domar model , an extension of Keynes 's theory to the long @-@ run , an area Keynes had not looked at himself.
Andy Cole holds the record for the most goals scored in a season : 41 in the 1993 – 94 season in the Premier League.
The area is patrolled by the Montville police and it costs the majority of annual budget , but the service was seen as beneficial to ensure the safety of boaters and enforcing the rules ..
On 14 December , he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for pressing home a night attack on Axis armour at Termoli.
Ordered in 1931 , the ship was constructed by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company , and entered naval service in 1933.
Scott 's restorations were not without their critics and caused much debate in architectural circles.
Talalay was approached by several people who wanted cameos in the film , but she did not want the film to be overshadowed by such appearances.
Dante also received noteworthy praise to the point of becoming one of the most famous characters in gaming ..
Rapidly tracking towards Atlantic Canada , the extratropical remnants of Earl significantly intensified before passing over Newfoundland on September 6.
Béla was one of the lords witnessing the deed of the foundation of the Tihany Abbey , a Benedictine monastery that his brother established in 1055 ..
This information was in line with the Polish plans to present the coup as an initiative by the local population to free Lithuania from German domination.
The dromedary was introduced into Egypt from south @-@ western Asia ( Arabia and Persia ).
By the time Rex was a teenager , Doris realized he and his brothers were too much to handle for a single mother trying to advance her career.
Kristine Sutherland ( Joyce ) was informed during the third season that her character would be killed off , which she accepted because she intended to spend time in Europe.
Although they praised its " attractive and imaginative fantasy , " the two mathematicians found several issues.
Ivan accuses Paul of doing it on purpose , but he eventually deals with being outed ..
Ameilhon produced the first published translations of the Greek text in 1803 , in both Latin and French to ensure that they would circulate widely.
Packers , prepared to carry supplies for cash , were available along the route but would charge up to $ 1 ( $ 27 ) per lb ( 0 @.@ 45 kg ) on the later stages ; many of these packers were Natives , members of the Tlingit people or , less commonly , the Tagish.
LeConte added that " Hogan even assumed umpiring duties and the game was then concluded ".
These remained both popular and profitable , but in his last decade , Tree 's acting style was seen as increasingly outmoded , and many of his plays received bad reviews.
However , it is not unique to these two taxa , as mature plants of many Nepenthes species display slightly peltate leaves.
A collaboration between Dolby and Swedish audio electronics company Lab.gruppen was announced in 2007 ; Jackson 's technology would be incorporated into Lab.gruppen 's Powered Loudspeaker Management ( PLM ) system.
Famitsu Weekly gave .hack / / frägment a cumulative score of 29 out of 40 over four reviews , much like its reviews of the main series.
These losses included the convention deciding to allow importation of slaves to continue to at least 1800 ( later amended to 1808 ) and to allow a simple majority to pass navigation acts that might require Virginians to export their tobacco in American @-@ flagged ships , when it might be cheaper to use foreign @-@ flagged vessels.
She continued her good form in the quarter final , where she emerged victorious against the world number 41 and number 5 seed Carla Suárez Navarro in three sets.
These records indicate that Ahmose I led three attacks against Avaris , the Hyksos capital , but also had to quell a small rebellion further south in Egypt.
It is a love story filled with metaphors about her love for Mexico , connection with the universe , and self @-@ preservation.
At the age of nine , she constantly begged filmmakers to give her roles , earning herself the nickname " C.C.C. " or " Curious Chinese Child ".
On 7 April , Repulse , along with the bulk of the Home Fleet , was ordered to sea to intercept what was thought to be another attempt to break @-@ out into the North Atlantic.
For example , the first release bears the catalog number KSLA @-@ 0001.
Tea prices plummeted and the China trade 's volume collapsed by about a third.
These dogs were called " <unk> " and given the species biological classification of Canis <unk> by 19th @-@ century dog writers.
After a goalless draw in the away leg , opponents Aberdeen took a two @-@ goal lead in the second leg.
At the time , Khanh was also secretly negotiating with the communists , hoping to put together a peace deal so he could expel the Americans from Vietnam.
Dedaigneuse was detached to ensure that the transport followed these conditions and Rainier returned to Madras , joined by Dedaigneuse the following day once the transport 's course was ensured.
He was unable however to tell whether they were naval ships of the line or East Indiamen.
Bullfighting on horseback and displays of high school dressage were common entertainment for the Portuguese gentry ..
On the <unk> , former warehouses and factories have been converted into housing , retail space , and art galleries , transforming the once @-@ industrial West Midtown into a model neighborhood for smart growth , historic rehabilitation , and infill construction.
The first edition , illustrated by Caldecott Medal winner Leonard Weisgard , was issued after Rawlings ' death.
Mubruma said that Clark had visited the previous week and had told him to have his men ready for work south of the river within a month.
The glass cockpit is covered by a transparent , acrylic canopy that provides the pilot with a good , all @-@ round field of view.
I remember she had this satchel , a backpack — I 'd never seen anything like it.
However , late on September 15 , this system weakened , leading to both the JTWC and JMA upgrading the depression to a tropical storm early on September 16.
The sides met again on January 4 , and the NBPA gave its last proposal to the owners , who turned it down.
SR 109 was planned to follow Camino del Rio up to the Frontier traffic circle , where the city of San Diego would resume construction ; both SR 109 and SR 209 were to be built in the future.
In his 1982 book Primates of Madagascar , anthropologist Ian Tattersall upheld this classification.
" King Abdullah of Jordan congratulated Zuma and expressed his commitment to improve relations between Jordan and South Africa.
Although not a call as such , when a flock takes off or lands , the wings make a distinctive rattling sound that can be heard 30 m ( 98 ft ) away ..
The drugs would put him to sleep for no more than two hours , after which he would take more.
The Nazis opposed the feminist movement , claiming that it was the creation of Jewish intellectuals , and instead advocated a patriarchal society in which the German woman would recognise that her " world is her husband , her family , her children , and her home.
Madonna 's public persona of an indomitable , sexually unashamed , supremely confident woman struck a chord with them.
Her sixth autobiography , A Song Flung Up to Heaven ( 2002 ) , was considered her final autobiography until she published her seventh autobiography , Mom & Me & Mom , in 2013 , at the age of 85 ..
The Lincoln Highway was planned in 1913 to run west to east across Indiana , including to South Bend and Fort Wayne.
The first was a libel case against The Star , who had written a comment on one of Mosley 's speeches implying that he advocated an armed revolution to overthrow the British government.
Omar Ahmed El Ghazaly , in the discus , was the most experienced of the quartet , with senior international medals going back to bronze at the 2002 African Championships in Athletics , in addition to past Olympic appearances in 2004 and 2008.
Bella also learns that the werewolves are an age @-@ old enemy of vampires.
At that time she was busy recording her fifth studio album , Erotica , with producer Shep Pettibone.
While they did struggle with evacuations , officials managed to evacuate 15 @,@ 000 people living in hurricane prone areas.
Later that day , the storm bypassed Mauritius about 180 km ( 110 mi ) to the northwest , with the small structure sparing the island from the strongest winds.
The New Zealanders withdrew from the area altogether on 13 January 1944 ..
Reagan 's policies proposed that economic growth would occur when marginal tax rates were low enough to spur investment , which would then lead to higher employment and wages.
The agreement averted immediate war and allowed Germany to annex the Sudetenland.
Chris spends some time with Will and they begin dating , but the relationship ends when Will 's dog , Napoleon , bites Kyle 's dog Bossy , and Will refuses to accept responsibility or apologise ..
On December 20 , 1915 , the first demonstration in Belém took place at the <unk> <unk>.
Penda 's status and activities during the years of Oswald 's reign are obscure , and various interpretations of Penda 's position during this period have been suggested.
In fact , I recommend you see it on television when it 's in a two @-@ hour ( including commercials ) slot.
He refused to release them until he 'd been reimbursed for the sessions , and Alternative Tentacles couldn 't immediately afford to pay.
With signing of the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956 , Route 66 fell into decline , with segments being bypassed via turnpikes and newer highways.
Tropical Storm Arlene brought torrential rainfall to the western United States Gulf Coast , particularly to the U.S. state of Texas , in June 1993.
Although an average annual precipitation of 6 @,@ 251 mm ( 246 @.@ 1 in ) has been recorded in Lago <unk> in Neuquén Province , the validity of the data is dubious owing to fewer years of data.
The trenches and natural barriers are shown in the map reproduced in this section of this Article , which was drawn to scale by Lt. Colonel George Thompson ( engineer ) of the Paraguayan army ; he personally made a detailed trigonometric survey of the ground.
Falco pleads that he only came to the apartment at Hunsecker 's request , prompting Hunsecker to tell Falco that he never called him.
The process of bringing No. 1 Strip back into service went well.
After Democratic President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Act into law , newly enfranchised racial minorities began to vote for liberal Democratic candidates throughout the South , and Southern white conservatives began to switch their party registration from Democrat to Republican en masse.
Graham still had 89 completions , setting a single @-@ season passing record in the Big Ten Conference , a division of major college teams from the Midwestern United States ..
They practiced shooting a few rounds of scarce and expensive .380 ACP pistol ammunition in a park near Belgrade ..
Shipped to the United Kingdom , he was posted to No. 1 Royal Flying Officers ' Cadet Battalion at Durham for his initial instruction.
They had a maximum range of about 15 @,@ 364 meters ( 16 @,@ 802 yd ) with a 36 @.@ 86 @-@ kilogram ( 81 @.@ 3 lb ) shell at a muzzle velocity of 823 m / s ( 2 @,@ 700 ft / s ) ..
In 2005 , she appeared in the CGI film Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children , set two years after the events of the game.
James J. Murakami supervised the production design.
Vettel took the STR3 to its first points in its maiden race , coming fifth , ahead of Barrichello and Nakajima.
Returning to the " waking world " and entering the old Memory Chamber , the Stranger finds Yeesha strapped into a chair , and she begs to be released from it with a silver lever.
Due to the cold water temperatures Enrique rapidly weakened , despite favorable atmospheric conditions.
Joasaph also demonstrated great respect to Patriarch Evtimiy of Tarnovo , the most prominent figure in the Bulgarian cultural and literary life in the second half of the 14th century ..
On another occasion , Phleps threatened to shoot Italian sentries who were delaying his passage through a checkpoint.
In June 1944 the LRDG was assigned to operate on the western coast of Yugoslavia , with orders to set up observation posts , report the movements of German ships and undertake minor raids ..
Due to the damage caused to the trees by the cutting the practice was banned in state forests in 1905.
He was forced to live frugally until the end of his life.
Many critics considered Titanfall to be the next step for the first @-@ person shooter genre , and the game received abundant " hype " and publicity from video game journalists ..
The company claimed exclusive rights to the area and sent away the contenders.
Both Haynes and Leary have since expressed displeasure with the album.
These sermons survive in manuscript , now in the British Library as Royal 2 <unk> , but have not yet been printed.
He reasons that an air bubble , that got accidentally injected into the patient 's bloodstream through the gums , would explain all the symptoms.
Hordaland county council member Lene C. <unk> <unk> left and joined the Conservative Party in October ..
Maj. William S. Clark of the 21st wrote that the regiment was " delightfully situated , enjoying the very romance of war.
Taft agreed with the need for conservation , but felt it should be accomplished by legislation rather than executive order.
Furthermore , GDRT 's military alliances and his conquests in Yemen and Saudi Arabia , the required formidable fleet for such feats , and the extension of Aksumite influence throughout Yemen and southern Saudi Arabia all reflect a new zenith in Aksumite power.
The investigation concluded that nuclear weapons handling standards and procedures had not been followed by numerous USAF personnel involved in the incident.
By the end of February 1981 , 680 @,@ 000 DMs had been paid for the diaries , only around half of which was received by Kujau.
Rhys ' mother later gives him a ring so that he can propose to Vanessa.
They take Shannon home and , after spending personal time with Lucy , Gru comes to realize that Agnes was right ; he has fallen in love with Lucy ..
Filming took place on the streets of Brooklyn , New York.
The Japanese Tanabata festival , in which Vega is known as <unk> ( <unk> ) , is also based on this legend ..
Although Vasa was in surprisingly good condition after 333 years at the bottom of the sea , it would have quickly deteriorated if the hull had been simply allowed to dry.
After falling out of favour and being imprisoned by Theodore II Laskaris , Strategopoulos sided with the aristocrats around Michael Palaiologos , and supported him in his rise to the throne after Theodore II 's death in 1258.
According to Kazin , " what is remarkable is not that Bryan lost but that he came as close as he did to winning.
Simon did not want to record an ordinary studio album and instead , according to Ramone , wanted " lots of space with lots of atmosphere and feeling ... Rather than go for hugely orchestrated ideas he was going , for example , for overtones in bells and gongs.
In the United Kingdom , it was part of the 37th Edinburgh International Film Festival and the 27th London Film Festival in 1983 , and was released late that year by United International Pictures.
It is uncertain how Wiśniowiecki looked , although a number of portraits and other works depicting him exist.
The most common system of keys was named the Boehm system by its designer Hyacinthe Klosé in honour of flute designer Theobald Boehm , but it is not the same as the Boehm system used on flutes.
The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target , and had to withdraw.
These dwarves tend to be fatalistic due to generations of declining numbers.
Of her departure , Bower told Colin Vickery of the Herald Sun , " I love Neighbours , it is a wonderful show and because of this I felt it was important that fresh eyes and brains take over to keep this Australian icon contemporary.
Goodby believes that Thomas has been mainly snubbed since the 1970s and has become " ... an embarrassment to twentieth @-@ century poetry criticism " his work failing to fit standard narratives and is thus ignored rather than studied ..
In Tapachula , Chiapas , 6 @.@ 6 in ( 168 mm ) of rain fell in just 90 minutes , triggering flash floods that caught residents by surprise.
Each patrol vehicle covers a 20 @-@ to @-@ 25 @-@ mile ( 32 to 40 km ) stretch of the turnpike.
The film was initially assigned an NC @-@ 17 rating from the MPAA ; the content was toned down for the U.S. release , where it was rated R. Peirce was interviewed for a 2005 documentary titled This Film Is Not Yet Rated , which discussed the film 's problems with the MPAA , particularly the censoring of the sex scenes.
Arsenal finally got their first shot on target in the seventh minute of extra time , when a Van Persie free kick – awarded for a foul by Silvestre – forced a diving save from Carroll.
Gatiss was encouraged to personify the Gelth , which he originally questioned because he felt that monsters whispering " Doctor " was a cliché ; producer Phil Collinson remarked that perhaps it was a cliché because it worked well.
Since then , F @-@ 22s have also escorted probing Tu @-@ 160 " Blackjack " bombers.
For the game 's theme song , Square Enix collaborated with Japanese rock band Superfly.
The most commonly used classification is based on the depth of injury.
In the United Kingdom , the episode was watched by 1 @.@ 98 million viewers , and was the most @-@ watched show of the week on the non @-@ terrestrial channels.
Ever since the Peace Candle was first erected , some Easton residents have been critical of the structure , arguing it is a tacky symbol of the over @-@ commercialization of Christmas and not a tasteful way to convey a message of peace.
The JNA 's strategic plan to defeat Croatia included an offensive to cut off the southernmost parts of Croatia , including Dubrovnik , from the rest of the country ..
Justice William J. Brennan , Jr. delivered the unanimous opinion of the court on June 14 , 1976.
She provided cover for Greek troops during the Occupation of İzmir ( Smyrna ) from May 1919 before returning to Toulon on 30 June.
Brought back under her influence , Cent turns on the group , killing Octa and Dito.
In Quintana Roo , Keith left $ 2 @.@ 7 million ( 2000 MXN , $ 294 @,@ 000 2000 USD ) in damage , and caused an additional $ 39 @.@ 7 million ( 2000 MXN , $ 4 @.@ 2 million 2000 USD ) in indirect costs.
The Achievement Center also serves the needs of children from birth to age 21 with physical and mental health <unk> public libraries in Erie are part of the Erie County library system.
In 1843 , Kogălniceanu gave a celebrated inaugural lecture on national history at the newly founded Academia Mihăileană in Iași , a speech which greatly influenced ethnic Romanian students at the University of Paris and the 1848 generation ( see <unk> pentru <unk> <unk> de istorie <unk> ).
Later , A.C. tells his friend Eva that he felt like the dolphins were calling to him.
Following the storm , emergency food and medical supplies were rushed into the nation.
A thousand soldiers occupied and searched the Fishing Creek valley and the mountains of its headwaters but were unable to find any deserters.
In 2003 Halton had the largest proportion of the population in Cheshire in the age groups under 5 , 5 to 15 and 16 to pension age and , at 16 @.@ 1 % the lowest proportion of people at pension age or older.
She discovers Stane has been supplying the terrorists and hired the Ten Rings to kill Stark , but the group reneged.
The radar can also be used for surveillance and terrain profiling.
I love the rap where the boast turns out to be a lie.
On 11 March 1918 , <unk> led UB @-@ 17 out from Zeebrugge for a patrol in the Hoofden and the U @-@ boat was never seen again.
I , the sovereign of the Empire , courteously treat people from all corners of the Empire who love righteousness and pledge allegiance to the Court and assign them official posts.
Erik Chisholm wrote well over 100 works , including 35 orchestral works , 7 concertante works ( including a violin concerto and two piano concertos ) , 7 works for orchestra and voice or chorus , 54 piano works , 3 organ works , 43 songs , 8 choral part @-@ songs , 7 ballets , and 9 operas including one on Robert Burns.
The upperparts are barred and mottled in shades of pale brown with rufous and blackish bars and wider black streaks.
The same year , after a home Test series against Australia , he announced his retirement from international cricket.
He expressed doubt that he would support any of his rivals should they win the nomination , warning that , “ If the policies of the Republican Party are the same as the Democrat Party and they don 't want to change anything on foreign policy , they don 't want to cut anything , they don 't want to audit the Fed and find out about monetary policy , they don 't want to have actual change in government , that is a problem for me.
" Ty Burr in Entertainment Weekly gave the film a B- ; he wrote that " Burton still hasn 't figured out how to tell a coherent story : He 's more interested in fashioning pretty beads than in putting them on a string .... Yet for all the wintry weirdness , there 's more going on under the surface of this movie than in the original.
Previously , a large boulder had been sent from Freed Waterhouse 's hometown of Cape Elizabeth , Maine , decorated with a bronze plaque commemorating his brave rescue efforts.
Geologically , a predominant feature of the substrata of Manhattan is that the underlying bedrock base of the island rises considerably closer to the surface near Midtown Manhattan , dips down lower between 29th Street and Canal Street , then rises toward the surface again in Lower Manhattan.
Heseltine himself noted the warmth of the Prom audience 's reaction to his conducting of the Capriol Suite in 1929 : " I was recalled four times " ..
The fleet then cruised through the Kattegat and stopped in Copenhagen and Stockholm.
Another method by which stick insects avoid predation and resemble twigs is by entering a <unk> state , where the insect adopts a rigid , motionless posture that can be maintained for a long period.
In the 1970s , it became popular for horse meat , and consumers considered it to be some of the best meat available.
The Wilson administration had merged the Colonial Office and the Commonwealth Relations Office in 1966 into the Commonwealth Office , which , two years later , was merged with the Foreign Office , to form the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ).
A cycle developed whereby Rhodesian platoons in Belgium and France were abruptly decimated and then gradually built up again only to suffer the same fate on returning to action.
She is a cheerful but introverted , slightly clumsy and simplistic high school girl , and often utters the pseudo @-@ <unk> phrase <unk> when she feels troubled , a habit she retained from childhood.
On August 7 , a tropical storm formed north of the Leeward Islands , likely from a tropical wave.
The vast majority of those involved in the revolt of 1381 were not represented in Parliament and were excluded from its decision @-@ making.
Sánchez is best known for her blog , Generación Y ( Generation Y ) ; which , despite censorship in Cuba , she is able to publish by e @-@ mailing the blog entries to friends outside the country who then post them online.
Distant from Jackson 's other forces and ill @-@ supplied , Loring and other officers petitioned the War Department to be recalled , and Benjamin , after consulting Davis , so ordered , using the pretext of rumored Union troop movements in the area.
The mixed @-@ use heritage project , officially opened on 5 May 2006 , won the <unk> Project of the Year Award 2007 ..
The Blue Rocks ' manager , Billy Gardner , Jr.
Additionally , customary presents were given to the king or royal officers on such festive occasions as marriage or the birth of a son ..
<unk> and saves Ma Su from defeat at the Battle of <unk>.
He was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions while on his first patrol as captain , when the Prize engaged and saw off a German U @-@ boat that had earlier attacked and damaged his own ship.
Situated in the village of Hurn on the periphery of Bournemouth , the airport is 7 kilometres ( 4 @.@ 3 mi ) from the town centre and serves around 600 @,@ 000 passengers annually.
On 23 November , she rescued 29 survivors of the grain carrier SS <unk> which had been sunk by U @-@ 100 ..
It is often reported that Eva traveled to Buenos Aires by train with tango singer Agustín Magaldi.
Veppathur Kittoo plays Sasankan 's spy ; he also worked as an assistant director in the film.
Franklin began to accelerate to the northeast , becoming extratropical on July 30 to the south of Newfoundland.
Krrish was conceived to be a film of global significance and a trendsetter in Indian cinema , with visual effects on par with those from Hollywood.
Germany subsequently advocated quick recognition of Croatia , as a means to stop further violence.
These events contributed to the company 's bankruptcy and closure in May 2000.
The engines produced 13 @,@ 500 ihp ( 10 @,@ 100 kW ) and a top speed of 18 @.@ 7 knots ( 34 @.@ 6 km / h ).
He took a boat to inspect the destruction around Pudding Lane at close range and describes a " lamentable " fire , " everybody endeavouring to remove their goods , and flinging into the river or bringing them into lighters that lay off ; poor people staying in their houses as long as till the very fire touched them , and then running into boats , or clambering from one pair of stairs by the water @-@ side to another.
In what would prove his final career All @-@ Star at bat , Doby hit a pinch @-@ hit solo home run in the eighth inning to tie the game at 9 – 9 ; the AL squad went on to win , 11 – 9.
Acne is a very common problem , particularly during puberty in teenagers , and is thought to relate to an increased production of sebum due to hormonal factors.
Armor in the Ibuki class was improved compared to the earlier ships.
It marked , however , the beginning of a consistent decline in offensive production for the remainder of his NHL career.
Scully 's sister Melissa urges her to see a hypnotherapist to recover lost memories of her abduction.
Past the train station , MD 2 intersects the southern terminus of MD 25 , which follows a one @-@ way pair along eastbound Lanvale Street ( carrying the southbound direction ) and westbound Lafayette Avenue ( carrying the northbound direction ) , before it comes to its northern terminus at US 1 and US 40 Truck ( North Avenue ) ..
It was watched by 6 @.@ 04 million viewers , according to Nielsen ratings , despite airing simultaneously with the American Music Awards on ABC , The Amazing Race on CBS and Sunday Night Football on NBC.
The girl informed her male friends , who accosted him outside the venue , demanding to know , " Are you a woman or a man ? " One of the men used a lantern to examine Jones ' feet , claiming that they were too large to be those of a biological woman.
Waugh wrote that the settle was " looking very well between the windows of the morning @-@ room ".
The same year , he succeeded in measuring the rotation period of the planet , giving it as approximately 24 hours.
The Maxim guns were withdrawn but the regiment 's fire @-@ power increased during the war , and by the end of the conflict each squadron had four Hotchkiss machine @-@ guns , one per troop ..
Cylindrical in shape , it splits down one side to release the seed , which are ripe from February to June.
After reaching hurricane intensity on September 5 , the storm strengthened significantly , becoming a Category 4 hurricane on September 6.
Evidence during a board of inquiry later showed that it was a friendly fire incident involving U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy aircraft mistaking the ships for enemy targets.
Unlike Triadobatrachus , Prosalirus had already lost nearly all of its tail and was well adapted for jumping.
In February 1947 , Brownlee returned to Ottawa to present the UGG 's case to Finance Minister Douglas Abbott , who eventually sided with the UGG and extended the pools ' exemption to it ..
Tom Dumoulin ( Giant @-@ Alpecin ) won the short prologue and was a contender for overall victory too since he is a time trial specialist , but he had 1 ' 24 " to make up for.
When the chain counter reaches a preset amount , different for each enemy , the enemy becomes Staggered.
War for Cybertron is played from a third person perspective.
A PCC streetcar with Toronto Transit Commission livery is seen in the opening sequence.
In 2005 , Columbia University announced the opening of the Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center.
Leicester moved into the new 32 @,@ 500 @-@ seat Walkers Stadium at the start of the 2002 – 03 season , ending 111 years at Filbert Street.
The deity 's popularity has waned in North India but has survived in South India.
' I think the queen reaches for her mask.
The next day , Jonah learns that the Globe 's cover story on the Goblin 's rampage — featuring Peter 's photos — is outselling the Bugle 's story on John 's heroic space journey.
Losses to cattle , crops , and fishing vessels were more than $ 80 million ( 1981 USD ) , equivalent to $ 193 million ( 2010 USD ) ..
Wright after six minutes gave Arsenal the lead , only for Vinnie Jones to head in the equaliser , close to half time.
While comparable to the light @-@ dark world setting of The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , Dragon Quest VI featured a unique real world and dream world setting , which he suggests had an influence on the later Square role @-@ playing games Chrono Cross and Final Fantasy X. Kalata also praised the gameplay improvements , including its class system that improves on Dragon Quest III and is now more similar to Final Fantasy V , and the addition of a bag that improves on the inventory management of previous games.
Nantucket reported 3 @.@ 20 in ( 81 mm ) of rainfall , and Chatham recorded 2 @.@ 68 in ( 68 mm ) in a 24 @-@ hour period.
Displacement was 4 @,@ 320 long tons ( 4 @,@ 390 t ) at normal and 4 @,@ 799 long tons ( 4 @,@ 876 t ) at deep load.
While she is sitting on the nest , the male is constantly bringing more provisions and they may pile up beside the female.
I 'm Breathless opens with the sound of an intercom and a shuffle , and power ballad " He 's a Man " starts , a song which Madonna sings as if she was a " hooker stalking the boulevard ".
Meanwhile , Houle faces indignation and harassment from the residents of the Chimney Rock community , who view her presence as impeding the progress of the construction of a tourist attraction for the Anasazi ruins.
Khudair was a fisherman from Sitra who lived in a ramshackle house.
" Over the years , we have learned more of his decade @-@ long quest to build a new stadium in Brooklyn and about how those efforts were thwarted by city officials.
Route 47 crosses into Franklin Township , Gloucester County , where it passes more farms , woods , and homes before coming to an intersection with U.S. Route 40 in the community of Malaga.
Apollo 's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer , Linens ' n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand.
After a long run of small roles in second features , his 1955 portrayal of the registrar in Roy Boulting 's comedy Josephine and Men , " jerked him out of the rut " , according to Philip Oakes ..
In early 2004 , Center City had a vacancy rate of 12 @.@ 8 % ..
Carson began the four @-@ year project of what would become Silent Spring by gathering examples of environmental damage attributed to DDT.
These officers were loyal to the monarchy , believed the military should be under civilian control , and abhorred the <unk> ( Hispanic @-@ American dictatorships ) against which they had fought.
At one point , Phyllis Smith , who portrays Phyllis Margaret Vance ( née Lapin ) , made a joke that made every one on set laugh , forcing production to halt for almost 45 minutes.
Keats especially liked what Hazlitt wrote on the play 's " ebb and flow of the feeling " and noted , using a term he had heard Hazlitt himself apply to Shakespeare in his 27 January lecture " On Shakspeare and Milton " , " This passage has to a great degree hieroglyphic <unk>.
Bakers who were caught tampering with weights or adulterating dough with less expensive ingredients could receive severe penalties.
In modern @-@ day Burbank , California , Sarah ( Yvonne Strahovski ) and Chuck Bartowski ( Zachary Levi ) pay their wedding planner , Daphne Peralta ( Lisa <unk> ) , only to learn that Daphne has " conned " them.
Readville is a passenger rail station located slightly northwest of Wolcott Square in the Readville section of the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts.
The Act was entitled An Act respecting Small Pox , and it served as the centrepiece of the council.
Understanding of the Moon 's cycles was an early development of astronomy : by the 5th century BC , Babylonian astronomers had recorded the 18 @-@ year Saros cycle of lunar eclipses , and Indian astronomers had described the Moon 's monthly elongation.
It made a cinema film of The Mikado in 1966 , and recorded for television broadcast its productions of Patience ( 1965 ) and H.M.S. Pinafore ( 1973 ).
The latter soon changed his statements , arguing that " Kemény " was a pseudonym used by Leo Tolstoy , and that Caragiale was guilty of copying The Power of Darkness ..
Lawrence went to the city with a camcorder , and filmed areas filled with crowds.
Many reviewers complimented its simple and understated musical arrangement and personalized lyrics , while some felt the song was too simple for an artist of Carey 's stature.
Several storm chasers captured the formation of a tornado southwest of Greensburg around 9 : 20 pm CDT ( 0220 UTC ) ..
" RedLynx saw this as a " crucial thing in making Trials such a fun and addictive game " Previous Trials games used a much simpler in @-@ house physics engine , however for Trials HD developers opted to use the Bullet library and devote one of the 360 's cpu cores entirely to physics.
In 2068 , the New World Aircraft Corporation ( NWAC ) provides Brains , the inventor of the Thunderbird machines of the humanitarian International Rescue organisation , with an open brief to design a revolutionary aircraft.
Abbott stated : " It now seems pretty clear we could change the leader to Joe and these offensive bills could still go through the Parliament ".
In 1966 , he set the Atlantic Coast Conference record for single @-@ season passing touchdowns with 17.
That same day , ISIL declared itself a worldwide caliphate ..
Since it was more urgent to complete work on the modifications to silver coins such as the half dollar and quarter , Longacre left the three @-@ cent piece for last , and did not complete work on the coin until late 1853.
The legend of the ' aul ' Kirk stane ' is that a pilgrim undertaking a penance from Glasgow carried a stone in the direction of Monklands.
Additionally , a low pressure system developed within the disturbance by July 29.
Keen soccer enthusiasts , they both played for Scottsdale clubs from second grade.
The Rosetta Stone is listed as " a stone of black granite , bearing three inscriptions ... found at Rosetta " in a contemporary catalogue of the artifacts discovered by the French expedition and surrendered to British troops in 1801.
Later , the house is under attack by an army of watchers.
The moulded depth ( roughly speaking , the vertical height of the hull ) was 39 ft ( 12 m ).
With an even greater investment of sound engineering , DGM has released " official bootlegs " , which are produced from one or more fan bootlegs.
Palladium can be found as a free metal alloyed with gold and other platinum @-@ group metals in placer deposits of the Ural Mountains , Australia , Ethiopia , North and South America.
On September 24 , 1996 , the Government Reform and Oversight Committee approved , on party lines , an interim report on the affair , blasting the Clinton Administration for a " cavalier approach " towards sensitive security procedures and saving that further investigation was necessary to determine if the events surrounding the files handling were " a blunder , the result of colossal incompetence , or whether they are established to be more serious or even criminal.
At this time , Air Group 652 consisted 81 Zeros , 27 D3As , 9 Yokosuka D4Y " Judy " dive bombers and 18 Nakajima B6N " Jill " torpedo bombers , roughly evenly divided among the three ships.
Following the gameplay formula of previous Silent Hill games , Origins primarily revolves around combat , exploration , and puzzle @-@ solving.
The Greek ethnographer Nicolaides , the Austrian Meinhard , and the Bulgarian <unk> placed the northern boundary of Macedonia at the Šar Mountains and the Crna hills , as had scholars before 1878.
The visitor centre includes a display on the history of the site , including a series of replicas from the medieval period ; a cinema ; a restaurant ; and shop.
The cusps are connected to cusps in the other row by transverse ridges and separated from cusps in their own rows by three transverse furrows.
After the second verse of the song begins , childhood pictures of Jared and Shannon with their mother Constance are shown.
" It 's not just the numbers.
Peter Hein choreographed 1 : Nenokkadine 's action sequences , and Prem Rakshith choreographed its songs.
Jess and Leslie play a prank on Janice , and she becomes the laughing stock of everyone on the bus.
Eno initially disapproved , but was satisfied after hearing the changes.
But although almost all restrictions on Catholics in England and Ireland were removed by the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 , a great deal of anti @-@ Catholic feeling remained.
The owner now consents to the thief 's appropriation so he can be caught in the act , and therefore prevents the crime actually occurring.
Leng describes Living the Material World as " one of the most keenly anticipated discs of the decade " and its unveiling " a major event ".
In addition , the flooding destroyed two bridges and damaged 1 @,@ 200 mi ( 1 @,@ 900 km ) of unpaved roads.
The RAF ace Robert Stanford Tuck was the godfather of his son Andreas.
During the 1993 – 94 season , the board continued to talk optimistically about their plans.
The game was later released on consoles in the West as Taiko Drum Master , and the franchise continues to receive new installments in Japan.
Madara was the first Uchiha to awaken the Eternal Mangekyō by taking his younger brother 's , Izuna , eyes to regain his sight , which gave him great power.
He was subsequently attached to the 6th Light Horse Regiment as its medical officer.
It [ is ] likely that already at this early stage of her career [ she ] realized that ... many scientists would find it difficult to believe that a woman could be capable of the original work in which she was involved ..
Season three was their basis for Homer : " We liked Homer the way he was in the second and third seasons.
Downes became DMS of the Second Army on 6 April 1942.
Although the ideal ages for marriage were thirty for a man and twenty for a woman , it was common for a male to marry at age sixteen and a female at age fourteen.
Drummer Beatmaster V died of leukemia soon after the album was completed , and a new drummer named O.T. filled in the position.
This 2 @.@ 1 km sector has often proved decisive due to its proximity to Roubaix ( 15 km ) and cumulative difficulty ..
For six months , Mikan did not get any assignments at all , leaving him in financial difficulties that forced him to cash in on his life insurance ..
At this stage , the fleshy , mucous @-@ coated tongue is extended towards the prey , often engulfing it , while the jaws continue their forward travel to close ( bite ) just as the tongue is retracted.
When he was seven , his family moved to Springfield Township , Pennsylvania.
The nestling developed quickly and within 14 days weighed as much as its parents.
The legs are small and slender , have long toes , large claws , and a comparatively short tarsus , whereas the Nicobar pigeon has shorter claws and a longer tarsus ..
In 2011 , the city created the Newark Office of Film and Television in order to promote the making of media productions.
Beginning with the Centennial of Confederation in 1967 , Canada followed in 1975 by Australia and New Zealand developed their own national honours systems , separate and independent of the British or Imperial honours system.
At the end of the episode , Dwight plants and waters the seeds and Jim secretly replaces the pots with full @-@ grown plants ..
Meisdalshagen also became known for nontraditional arrangements when it came to the Ministry 's bureaucrats : assistant secretary Egil Lothe , who had a " very good relationship " with Meisdalshagen , doubled as assistant secretary and State Secretary from 1948 until Meisdalshagen 's resignation in 1951.
His teammate Gerrans ensured it for him by holding back at the finish allowing Impey – who was second overall – the time necessary to replace him at the top of the general classification.
" Glatfelter also praised the characters , Daniel " more and more becoming one of [ his ] favorite characters " and calling Desmond " the most intriguing character on Lost [ with ] the best love story on the show and dare I say on television today ".
After losing the unified MCW / BCW Tag Team championships , The New Kangaroos split up ; Snow focused on his World Wrestling Federation career while Costello retired for good , never making another wrestling related appearance ..
In 1985 , Bancroft established a shop called Designer Aboriginals , selling fabrics made by Aboriginal artists including herself.
This was kept secret until his kingdom was invaded by Pompey the Great , who took it back to Rome.
Matt Groening , Al Jean , Matt Selman , John Frink , Don Payne , Tom Gammill , Max Pross , Michael Polcino and Deb Lacusta participated in the audio commentary of the episode ..
All major ports along the coast were closed ahead of time in preparation , as well as airports in Huatulco and Puerto Escondido where power failures occurred because of Hurricane Rick.
Sometimes with the dive @-@ bombers ... maximum dive is usually in the order of 60 degrees .. When flying the Stuka , because it ’ s all automatic , you are really flying vertically ... The Stuka was in a class of its own.
First described scientifically by Elias Fries in 1818 , the bay bolete was reclassified as Xerocomus badius in 1931 , and it is still listed thus in several sources.
Zelda was largely responsible for the surge of action @-@ oriented computer RPGs released since the late 1980s , such as the Origin Systems game Times of Lore.
To the south of Leibstandarte , the 2nd Guards Tank Corps and the 48th Rifle Corps ' 183rd Rifle Division opposed the advance of Das Reich ..
On 21 March , it took part in Operation Bowler , a major air raid on Venice harbour.
Coloman had a meeting with Boleslaw III and the two monarchs " vowed perpetual friendship and brotherhood ".
We 've all grown up together in a lot of ways and fought many a battle together , escaped death.
On June 2011 , members of La Familia Michoacana set up several public banners throughout the state of Guerrero with written messages directed to the former President Calderón and his security spokesman Alejandro <unk>.
It can form alloys with one or more metals such as aluminium , iron , nickel , copper , zinc , tin , lead and bismuth.
Rosas got along well with the gauchos in his service , despite his harsh and authoritarian comportment.
The addition included classrooms and office space , a chapel , and meetings rooms.
Sometime around 3 a.m. that Saturday , he suddenly awoke with severe difficulty breathing and almost completely unable to speak or swallow.
The same month , the ship was used in trials to evaluate the effects which an island superstructure would have on flying operations , with a canvas @-@ and @-@ wood dummy island being installed with a smoke box to simulate funnel gases.
That marked the last time a non @-@ NHL team appeared in the Stanley Cup finals , as the WHL folded after the 1926 Stanley Cup final , and its players were absorbed by the NHL.
" The Village Voice 's Stephanie Zacharek called it " summer entertainment with a pulse " , praising its " <unk> brilliant " action and freedom from elitism , but noted the story is predictable and suggested del Toro 's time would be better spent on more visionary films.
Addressing a large demonstration in Trafalgar Square on 2 August 1914 , Lansbury blamed the coming conflict on capitalism : " The workers of all countries have no quarrel.
In 1922 , the Chester War Memorial was installed in the cathedral grounds and dedicated to the fallen soldiers of the First World War and later the Second World War.
When her previous bawd , Mother <unk> , died in 1719 , she became a member of Needham 's household and brought with her a clientele from the highest ranks of society.
The work proved to be Street 's only commission at the university , although he built or restored a number of churches in the city.
Like the KMT , it was a clandestine organisation held together with tight discipline.
The design reduced the vulnerability of the command staff.
At the behest of Belle Vue director John Henry Iles and John Ayrton , Manchester Central , was formed , and played its home matches at the speedway stadium.
Pink Friday marked her exploration of the genres , spawning electro songs including the pop @-@ laden " Super Bass ".
At the helm of Colombia that year , Stein led them to a 73 – 67 record.
This is because its fibrous hull remains attached to the grain during threshing.
Her subsequent appearances in Soul Society were criticized by ANN 's Theron Martin due to her lack of activity making them " irritating given how strong a character she was in the series ' early going " ..
The " wow wow wow " call varies according to individual ; captive foxes have been recorded to answer pre @-@ recorded calls of their pen @-@ mates , but not those of strangers.
Later she steals money from the till at Roy 's Rolls , and jets off to Cyprus on holiday and leaves Max in Becky 's care.
This effect , known as refraction , can focus the strength of an advancing tsunami on some areas while weakening it in others , according to the undersea topography along its path ..
Later , during his 59 @-@ day reign as sultan , Abu Bakr also married two slave girls , spending 100 @,@ 000 gold dinars for each of their bridal veils.
Commission director Wang Xia said the inspection was of great importance , remarking that " even slight carelessness in law enforcement [ damages ] the image of the Party and the country.
A step up from the original in every way , MK II was , and still is , a solid , violent game that 's an essential title to grab for any serious fan of fighting games.
He argued that Ship ’ s Articles had lapsed since Endurance ’ s sinking , and that he was no longer under orders.
The Battersea Bridge Company were concerned about the potential loss of custom , and petitioned Parliament against the scheme , stating that " [ Dodd ] is a well known adventurer and <unk> , and the projector of numerous undertakings upon a large scale most if not all of which have failed " , and the bill was abandoned.
A storm surge of 0 @.@ 8 m ( 2 @.@ 6 ft ) was recorded at Dampier but , no damage resulted from it.
State Route 276 ( SR 276 ) was a legislated , but not constructed , state highway located in the U.S. state of Washington.
1789 and over 1 @,@ 000 feet ( 305 m ) long and 100 feet ( 30 m ) wide , is lined on both sides by Georgian terraces ..
Taken by surprise , he killed the first , but the second hit him with a musket which stunned him , whilst the third sliced open his skull with his sabre , knocking him to the deck.
Steagall 's version with McEntire ( who Steagall discovered at a 1974 county fair ) is 3 : 10.
In the 1970s , the output of cadmium was 6 @.@ 5 pounds per ton of zinc.
It came through Colonel Roberts ' 2nd Battalion position in a pass 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) west of Haman.
High winds downed all of the island 's trees and destroyed 75 % of the crops.
In 2000 , the New Zealand government began a campaign to increase the profitability of the country 's music industry , and of music exports abroad , by funding artists and events.
A new school building was constructed in 1931 , and in 1956 , the school was officially renamed Auburn High School ..
Further north , the waves crashed a four @-@ person , 35 @-@ foot ( 10 @-@ m ) sailboat near Island Beach State Park.
From Earth , this belt is viewed at an inclination of roughly 25 ° to the line of sight ..
" New York 's David <unk> dismissed Nala 's athleticism as nothing more than Disney 's attempt to " disguise [ the film 's ] essential boss @-@ daddy ethos.
Matsui was bound and determined to press forward with his ambition to found a new regime to rival Chiang Kai @-@ shek 's Nationalist Government , and though he did not finish the job before leaving office , the Reformed Government of the Republic of China would eventually come into being in March 1938.
The North and West Branch Railway Company was sold in 1881 but he managed to regain much of the company.
Cirrus in temperate regions typically have the shapes segregated by type : the columns and plates tend to be at the top of the cloud , whereas the rosettes and conglomerations tend to be near the base.
In early 1915 , she was dispatched to the Mediterranean for service in the Dardanelles Campaign.
However , heretics were written up and if necessary remanded to regional <unk> tribunals in Spain or elsewhere in the western hemisphere.
To resolve this dispute , the Convention agreed that the house would elect the president if no candidate had an electoral college majority , but that each state delegation would vote as a bloc , rather than individually ..
Paul Taylor from the Manchester Evening News called it one the album 's best moments and highlighted Austin 's contribution.
Robert Zemeckis , the director , originally wanted Fox to play Marty , but Gary David Goldberg the creator of Family Ties , which Fox was working on at the time , refused to allow Zemeckis even to approach Fox as he felt that as Meredith Baxter was on maternity leave at the time , Fox 's character Alex Keaton was needed to carry the show in her absence.
There he established defenses and waited for the British to attack.
Vicarious Visions developed the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions , while n @-@ Space developed the Nintendo DS , PSP and Wii versions.
A similar path was pursued by the Bee Gees , formed in Brisbane , but whose first album Bee Gees ' 1st ( 1967 ) , was recorded in London , and gave them three major hit singles and contained folk , rock and psychedelic elements , heavily influenced by the Beatles ..
By reaching the final , Stoke qualified for the 2011 – 12 UEFA Europa League.
He argued that the administration was playing politics with the Vietnam War by trying to complete a treaty before the election to favor the Vice President.
The first verse follows , the lyrics are an international rally cry , targeted to a global market , as Melanie Chisholm described it : " We always wanted to do a carnival tune and write a song for the world.
" Nightmare on Evergreen Terrace " was written by Steve Tompkins and has been described by David X. Cohen as " one of the scariest [ segments ].
A stunt double standing in for Garcia performed the largest hill in the drive down ; they were unable to rehearse due to getting rained out , so their first rehearsal was done on film.
In 1996 , the league was renamed to the Iraqi Premier League , and Al @-@ Talaba finished third in the 1996 – 97 Iraqi Premier League , winning 17 matches , drawing nine and losing four.
The narrator often returns to topics of interest to literature and scholarship from the period , like the theories of Charles Darwin and Charles Lyell , the radical politics of Karl Marx , and the works of Matthew Arnold , Alfred , Lord Tennyson , and Thomas Hardy ..
After Thorpe 's death , sympathetic commentators drew attention to his internationalism and social liberalism , highlighting his long involvement with the anti @-@ apartheid movement , his denunciations of dictators , his opposition to the death penalty , and his rejection of racism.
The first Australian Wood Badge courses were held in 1920 after the return of two newly minted Deputy Camp Chiefs , Charles Hoadley and Mr. Russell at the home of Victorian Scouting , Gilwell Park , <unk>.
In 1873 , Southern poet Paul Hamilton Hayne visited Poe 's grave and published a newspaper article describing its poor condition and suggesting a more appropriate monument.
Because the western end of Lake Erie offered the shortest overland route to the frontiers of Indiana and Illinois , Maumee Harbor was seen as a site of immediate importance and great value.
Roman colonists took saffron with them when they settled in southern Roman Gaul , where it was extensively cultivated until the AD 271 barbarian invasion of Italy.
After being drafted by the Phillies in the second round of the 1996 draft , Rollins was assigned to the rookie @-@ league Martinsville Phillies.
With Lydia , she brought something to her and she got on with her and was sparky , which is something that Sarah liked.
She said no even though I had a very clear idea of how she would look in the video.
" In connection with this , Davidson theorizes that at the bridal feast , it should have been Siggeir , the bridegroom , who drew the sword from the tree , " and that its possession would symbolize the ' luck ' which would come to him with his bride , and the successful continuation of his own line in the sons to be born of the marriage ".
Baldwin crowned Richard at Westminster Abbey on 13 September 1189 in the first English coronation for which a detailed description survives ..
After his return to Stockholm , Bergman feels compelled to go to a cinema and watch a Hollywood blockbuster movie.
Dwarf lemurs are the only primates known to hibernate for extended periods.
Singaporean cartoonist Morgan Chua believed that Lat " managed to create an impressively local style while remaining original " , and although comics historian Isao Shimizu found Lat 's lines " somewhat crude " , he noted that the cartoonist 's work was " highly original " and " full of life ".
Team Ninja founder Tomonobu Itagaki described Ayane 's character and personality as much " harder " than Kasumi 's , making her fit better in the " very hard @-@ edged " universe of the Ninja Gaiden series.
When the time limit for implementing directives passes , they may , under certain conditions , have direct effect in national law against member states ..
They could fire a 20 @.@ 41 @-@ kilogram ( 45 @.@ 0 lb ) projectile with a muzzle velocity of 825 – 830 m / s ( 2 @,@ 710 – 2 @,@ 720 ft / s ) to a maximum height of 10 @,@ 000 meters ( 32 @,@ 808 ft ).
This has proven an effective strategy : almost all pollen is removed within two to three hours of presentation.
It was this year that Smart developed a business relationship with John Newbery.
Since his 2011 season and Ivan Lendl 's coaching , he has worked to improve his consistency , second serve and mental game , resulting in a more offensive game ..
While lithium is created in stars during stellar nucleosynthesis , it is further burned.
A Siberian specimen with a spearhead embedded in its shoulder blade shows that a spear had been thrown at it with great force.
Brick making , which had been carried out intermittently in Bridgwater from the 17th century , by the late 18th century had expanded into an industry based on permanent brickyards in the Bridgwater area adjacent to the Parrett.
Moore and Mosconi would battle it out many times in unsanctioned but publicized play.
Hagan was the first runner @-@ up in both of the Miss New York 2010 and Miss New York 2011 pageants.
The booklet also contains photographs of the band members by Frank Ockenfels.
Leeds finished fourth , five points behind champions Manchester United , and exited the FA Cup at the semi @-@ finals after defeat to Chelsea.
Nutter subsequently signed for Woking on a permanent basis on 6 January 2013 ..
A sequel , Thirty Flights of Loving , was released in 2012 ..
In 2009 , GQ 's critic columnist Tom Carson described her books as " capitalism 's version of middlebrow religious novels " such as Ben @-@ Hur and the Left Behind series ..
Hurricane Earl originated out of a strong tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on August 17.
Through his arrogance and arbitrary actions ( Thucydides says " violence " ) , Pausanias managed to alienate many of the Allied contingents , particularly those that had just been freed from Persian overlordship.
The moral concerns over the attacks have focused on the large number of civilian casualties and property damage they caused.
) Rognvald Eysteinsson received Orkney and Shetland from Harald as an earldom as reparation for the death of his son in battle in Scotland , and then passed the earldom on to his brother Sigurd the Mighty ..
The result of this was the formation in the 1940s of the Garibaldi Névé Traverse , an overnight adventure that ( weather permitting ) can include a fine descent of Mount Garibaldi ..
The match was overshadowed by Wright being booed off by supporters because of his performance , who responded by appearing " at the window of the east stand clad in vest and underpants haranguing the crowd.
The Oklahoma City Blue , of the NBA Development League , relocated to Oklahoma City from Tulsa in 2014 , where they were formerly known as the Tulsa 66ers.
He then threw Jarrett to the mat with a suplex from the second rope and prepared to execute the Razor 's Edge , his finishing move.
The American President Woodrow Wilson reported , " I saw Mr. Dmowski and Mr. Paderewski in Washington , and I asked them to define Poland for me , as they understood it , and they presented me with a map in which they claimed a large part of the earth.
Craigmillar Castle was burned by English troops under the Earl of Hertford.
Nelson arrived off Newfoundland with the convoy in late May , then detached on a cruise to hunt American privateers.
The purple @-@ throated cotinga is monotypic within the genus Porphyrolaema and has no known subspecies.
She was part of the Stingers squad that competed in a five @-@ game test against Great Britain at the AIS in late February 2012.
In 2011 , two large murals depicting Chaplin on two 14 @-@ storey buildings were also unveiled in Vevey.
Kelso concluded by offering " sincere regrets " to the family of Clayton Hartwig and apologies to the families of those who died , " that such a long period has passed , and despite all efforts no certain answer regarding the cause of this terrible tragedy can be found " ..
It is known from two fruit bodies recovered from amber , one consisting of a complete cap with a broken stem , the other consisting of a fragment of a cap.
" One of Minaj 's more lyrically explicit songs , the lyrics speak of Minaj winning over her competition , in phrases such as saying she " <unk> on ' em " or " pissed on ' em.
Michael van Langren ( " Langrenus " ) , the 17th @-@ century Dutch astronomer and cartographer , named one of the lunar craters for them , <unk> , later renamed Halley ..
She decided , in the end , that his utopian scheme was too " romantic " , because it depended heavily on the goodwill of the rich to sacrifice their wealth.
On November 3 , Mitch McGary , who was ranked as the number two prospect in the nation at the time , announced his verbal commitment to Michigan.
NATO also pledged itself to stand ready to assist any member country in dealing with potential or real terrorist attacks.
As Personas gain experience from battle and level up , that Persona can learn new skills , which include offensive or support abilities used in battle , or passive skills that grant the character benefits.
Original Soundtrack received mixed reviews by critics.
It was released by Square Enix under the catalog number SQEX @-@ 10392 ~ 5 , and the album features seventy @-@ four tracks spanning 5 : 07 : 27.
He stayed briefly with his mother in <unk> in the Caucasus.
" I wanted to make them look cheap and purposely fake @-@ looking , " Burton remarked.
In 1902 , the commission submitted a threefold plan of proposal to the government.
Armstrong later said of their studio experience , " Everything was already written , all we had to do was play it.
The demon was driven out by the great Gethryn , but the young sorceress Selena 's meddling with evil has reawakened the demon , and it controls her mortal form.
Sega approved the idea and decided to help with the game 's funding and serve as its publisher.
Taft ruled that the union 's action amounted to a secondary boycott , which was illegal ..
The company had included extremely difficult missions in each previous Tony Hawk 's game ; the methods used to create these missions were the inspiration for Underground 's Sick mode.
For example , many Caribbean rural women use this as a method of increasing the number of things they can accomplish in a day ..
The following season , he gained selection for the last three matches and broke through for his maiden first @-@ class century , having never previously passed 50 ..
Agamemnon remained in the Mediterranean after the conclusion of that campaign to prevent the German battlecruiser SMS Goeben and light cruiser Breslau from breaking out into the Mediterranean.
" Jesus Walks " , the album 's fourth single , perhaps exposed West to a wider audience ; the song 's subject matter concerns faith and Christianity.
The episode guest stars Bob Odenkirk — who had previously been considered for the role of Michael Scott — as Pam 's potential employer , Mary Gillis as Aunt Shirley , and Andy Buckley as David Wallace.
The majority of students go on to higher education following the completion of their A @-@ levels at the end of Year Thirteen ( aged 17 – 18 ) , and in 2011 , one in five Year 13 students gained an Oxbridge offer ..
Vick went 19 of 35 for 197 yards with a touchdown and interception , and also ran five times for 25 yards.
Oslo had unsuccessfully bid to host the 1936 Winter Olympics , losing to Germany , which had hosted the 1936 Summer Olympics.
" Olson noted that , despite the sad themes featured in the installment , recording the dialogue with Kenny and music for the episode was a fun experience.
Average rainfall is around 800 – 900 mm ( 31 – 35 in ).
The archives also include historical documents from Missouri during the early American Frontier and Antebellum periods.
To make sure that Orkney obeyed his order to withdraw , Marlborough sent his Quartermaster @-@ General in person with the command.
However , during the 1000 m time trial , Ohno came in second to J. R. Celski despite skating a personal best of 1 : 24 @.@ 500 to Celski 's personal best of 1 : 23 @.@ 981.
Criticism has been levelled at the design of the windows by some MSPs who claim that the design blocks out natural light from their offices.
The purpose of the liturgical calendar is to guide commemorations as a part of the daily worship of the Lutheran Church.
Goebel was a Congregationalist and a member of the Freemasons , the Rotary Club , and Tau Beta Pi ..
In a speech during a Dutch parliamentary debate , Wilders elaborated that he calls for the consistent application of Dutch laws restricting any act of expression that incites violence.
In 1913 , inspired by that breakthrough , the designer Carl Jantzen made the first functional two @-@ piece swimwear , a close @-@ fitting one @-@ piece with shorts on the bottom and short sleeves on top.
SR @-@ 249 was extended west along a proposed roadway to 2200 West and 2200 North in 1961 before being removed in 1969.
New South Wales scraped home by one wicket in the first match , but the hosts levelled the series with an eight @-@ wicket win the next day.
As the picture comes into full view , it turns into actual footage.
It contained one number , the " <unk> " , described by the critic Eduard Hanslick as " lovely , luring and sensuous " , which Ernest Guiraud later adapted as the Barcarolle in The Tales of Hoffmann.
Ten days later , she was decommissioned for the last time , and in 1916 she was disarmed.
Moving northwestward , it became a hurricane the next day and passed near Nassau.
No such important political changes occurred between 287 BC and 133 BC.
Due to foul weather over the Channel , Brill flew at an altitude of less than 200 feet ( 60 m ) until crossing the French coast.
On the ensuing kickoff the Steelers recovered a Patriots ' fumble and Roethlisberger connected with Hines Ward for an 11 @-@ yard touchdown pass.
The biggest expansion of the city occurred in the 1960s , with the arrival of the University of Kent at Canterbury and Christ Church College ..
She even has leftover cash afterwards , so she embezzles $ 600 to purchase a purse , much to Brian 's disappointment.
The song was also covered by <unk> <unk> , leader singer of the anarcho @-@ punk band Chumbawamba.
The ACC forced an end to this tradition after the 1980 season.
A month later on November 2011 , Antonio Ezequiel 's son Ezequiel Cárdenas Rivera was arrested by the Navy along with for other Gulf Cartel members in Matamoros.
But according to Cozier , the senior players in the team caused problems for the management , and when the players returned home , Ambrose and three other members of the team were fined 10 per cent of their tour fee — in Ambrose 's case , the fine was for " general failings of behaviour and attitude " , and setting a bad example to younger team @-@ mates ..
Hatsuse 's waterline armour belt consisted of Harvey armour and was 4 – 9 inches ( 102 – 229 mm ) thick.
Twenty @-@ two months after the departure of Don Felipe for Hong Kong , Agoncillo and the rest of the family ( her last two daughters were not yet born ) followed him into exile.
These appropriations were greatly affected by the Budget Control Act of 2011 , passed in August 2011 as a resolution to the debt @-@ ceiling crisis ; it mandated budget cuts over a ten @-@ year period beginning with Fiscal Year 2012 ..
From a language perspective , Bouyon draws on English and Dominican Creole French.
The common toad reaches maturity at three to seven years old but there is great variability between populations.
Areas of what is today the eastern part of Germany were inhabited by Western Slavic tribes of <unk> , Veleti and the <unk> confederation ..
Explaining his decision to leave , Wingo commented that he felt " physically and emotionally unable to continue on as part of [ the band ] " , and later revealed that he had predicted he would eventually leave the band for " probably a couple of years " , justifying his decision by explaining that " my level of anxiety pertaining to being on tour got to the point where medication was not the answer.
There is no restriction on Cabinet ministers and members of political parties.
" A memorial service was held at St Martin @-@ in @-@ the @-@ Fields in March that year ..
West Cheswald 's next sailing began on 6 June , when she left Boston for Halifax , sailing from the latter port on 16 June in Convoy SC @-@ 134 bound for Liverpool.
Aside from the video 's script , Carey channeled Marilyn Monroe , one of her icons growing up.
In 2005 , the inauguration of the Setanta Cup meant the return of an all @-@ Ireland cup competition for the first time since 1980.
The move to an ' all @-@ big @-@ gun ' design was a logical conclusion of the increasingly long engagement ranges and heavier secondary batteries of the last pre @-@ dreadnoughts ; Japan and the United States had designed ships with a similar armament before Dreadnought , but were unable to complete them before the British ship.
In 1866 , a national Olympic Games in Great Britain was organized at London 's Crystal Palace ..
Bruce found Hughes ' management of the government capricious and chaotic , and felt little was accomplished in Cabinet or in party meetings so long as Hughes headed them.
For all her decorum , she seemed to enjoy the protracted battles over the plaster goats that stood at the end of the dormitory 's long veranda.
" He rejected the overreaching portrayals of nature in its " totality " , as found in the work of contemporary painters like Adrian Ludwig Richter ( 1803 – 84 ) and Joseph Anton Koch ( 1768 – 1839 ) ..
The team honoured MacInnis as the first player inducted into their " Forever a Flame " program in 2012.
He followed this with a sequel published in 1973 , Aleister Crowley and the Hidden God , in which he examined Crowley 's sex magical practices and the Tantra.
Don Greenwood ran for a Browns touchdown in the second quarter , but the extra point was botched.
Within the Milky Way galaxy , supernova explosions occur on average once every 40 years.
Hoping to provoke a favorable legal decision , Sanger deliberately broke the law by distributing The Woman Rebel , a newsletter containing a discussion of contraception.
Both sides were armed with spears and firearms.
The Patriarch is never identified by name ; Bolívar , too , is identified chiefly by his title.
Celestine <unk> , who had been struggling with an injury , played no further part in the final and was substituted before the second half commenced.
Nevertheless , Marlborough promptly occupied Neuburg which , together with Donauwörth and Rain , provided the Allies with enough fortified bridges across the Danube and Lech rivers to manoeuvre with ease ..
Some surnames simply describe physical and mental characteristics such as <unk> which means green or <unk> which literally translates to ocean of intellect or " <unk> " which means " very religious " ..
Another incident , the killing of two off @-@ duty British soldiers who drove into an IRA funeral procession , brought the media into conflict with the government after journalists present at the funeral declined a Royal Ulster Constabulary request to hand over footage of the incident amid concerns doing so would put them at risk.
The banded sugar ant was first described by German entomologist Wilhelm Ferdinand <unk> , who named it Formica consobrina in 1842.
An improved interchange with SR 125 was being planned in 1974 , which would connect to the existing freeway extending to Avocado Boulevard.
Palm oil is an essential ingredient in local cuisine.
On January 2 , an area of convection persisted in the eastern portion of the ITCZ in the Australian basin , located northwest of Cocos Island , or about 1165 km ( 625 mi ) southwest of Sumatra.
The territory was used as a bargaining chip to ensure Teutonic support for one of the sides in the internal power struggle ..
Bonstelle used it in an effort to improve understanding and co @-@ operation between the church and the theater , holding multi @-@ denominational religious services there during Lent , and she stated that her plays , while avoiding being preachy , were intended to have a positive moral influence on the audience.
A biographer of Roger of Salisbury , Edward <unk> , has argued that Roger le Poer is the same person as Roger , the archdeacon of Berkshire who died in the 1160s.
The British Board of Trade 's inquiry into the disaster accepted Duff @-@ Gordon 's denial of bribing the crew , but maintained that , if the emergency boat had rowed towards the people who were in the water , it might very well have been able to rescue some of them ..
Stratfor had been given access to the papers collected by American forces from bin Laden 's Abbottabad house.
West Ham have never played below the Second Division in their history and often played a league or two above Millwall.
In the Pacific , it occurs from Japan , Taiwan , and the Korean Peninsula in the northwest , southward to Indonesia , Australia , and New Zealand , and eastward to the western coast of the Americas from Baja California to Chile , including the Marshall , Phoenix , Palmyra , Johnston , Marquesas , Line , and Hawaiian Islands in between ..
The convoy arrived in Malta without further incident , and Prince of Wales returned to Gibraltar , before sailing on to Scapa Flow , arriving there on 6 October ..
" With such elements , studio executives only became comfortable with Hancock when the marketing approach focused on action and humor.
In 2005 , a nationwide strike in Bangladesh temporarily stalled production of their show ..
The 2009 Six Nations also saw former England Captain Martin Johnson take up the job of head coach.
These units , consisting of two platoons of combat engineers with mines at division level and one company of combat engineers normally equipped with 500 – 700 mines at corps level , functioned as anti @-@ tank reserves at every level of command ..
The Paris and Taipei concerts were re @-@ scheduled , Paris for November 22 , 2009 ..
The software also allowed Harmonix to quickly make changes to the set list or to recreate the tracks for a song to make sure the overall difficulty of the game was appropriate ..
Between 1910 – 14 he was the Liberal MP for Ipswich ..
Inception was filmed in six countries , beginning in Tokyo in June 19 and ending in Canada in November 22.
After Vince Carter 's annual charity game , Babcock implicitly revealed to the media that Carter 's agent had asked for a trade confirming Carter was discontent.
According to the Directory of World Cinema : American Hollywood by Lincoln Geraghty , Belle was inspired by actress Judy Garland 's role as Dorothy Gale in The Wizard of Oz ( 1939 ) and Julie Andrews ' performance as Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) ..
Royal castles were used to control key towns and the economically important forests , while baronial castles were used by the Norman lords to control their widespread estates.
The contemporaneous Jan of Czarnków , who was biased against Louis , recorded that the Poles yielded to the monarch 's demand only after he had prevented them from leaving the town by shutting its gates.
Additionally , there are many bands in Italy that play a style called <unk> , which is characterized by a mixture of traditional music , punk , reggae , rock and political lyrics.
The painters Allan Ramsay ( 1713 – 84 ) , Gavin Hamilton ( 1723 – 98 ) , the brothers John ( 1744 – 1768 / 9 ) and Alexander Runciman ( 1736 – 85 ) , Jacob More ( 1740 – 93 ) and David Allan ( 1744 – 96 ) , mostly began in the tradition of the Nories , but were artists of European significance , spending considerable portions of their careers outside Scotland , and were to varying degree influenced by forms of Neoclassicism ..
In life , Lindow Man would have measured between 5 ' 6 " and 5 ' 8 " ( 1 @.@ 68 and 1 @.@ 73 m ) tall and weighed about 132 pounds ( 60 kg ).
In doing so , he may have unwittingly saved his army.
Within a year , Madonna had sold 2 @.@ 8 million copies in the United States.
They had traveled about 350 miles ( 560 km ) through poorly charted wilderness , twice the distance they had expected to cover.
The imperial court ruled over the commanderies located in the western third of the empire , while kings ruled their fiefs with little or no central government intervention.
The chronicle states that Rögnvaldr had Óláfr marry " Lauon " , the daughter of a certain nobleman from Kintyre , who was also the sister of his own ( unnamed ) wife.
Following the outbreak of World War I in August 1914 , Kaiser Barbarossa and her sisters were mobilized as coastal defense ships in the V Battle Squadron and assigned to the North and Baltic Seas.
Satyajit Ray 's influence has been widespread and deep in Bengali cinema ; a number of Bengali directors , including Aparna Sen , Rituparno Ghosh and Gautam Ghose as well as Vishal Bhardwaj , Dibakar Banerjee , Shyam Benegal and Sujoy Ghosh from Hindi cinema in India , Tareq Masud and Tanvir <unk> in Bangladesh , and <unk> Ahmad in England , have been influenced by his film craft.
Four tombs have been located within the pyramid.
The film was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara , in the southern state of Karnataka , over a span of two and a half years.
The chamber ruled by majority ( with judge Kaul dissenting ) to confirm all of the charges against William Ruto and Joshua Arap Sang , to confirm all of the charges with the exception of " other forms of sexual violence " against Uhuru Kenyatta and Francis Muthaura and to decline to confirm the charges against Mohammed Hussein Ali and Henry Kosgey ..
The initial momentum from the eruption propels the column upwards.
The Halifax Central Library was a real catalyst of local , public and architectural conversation in Halifax ; its program and location has reconstructed the way locals and visitors interact with a building filled with knowledge.
In the second edition of January 1860 , Darwin quoted Kingsley as " a celebrated cleric " , and added the phrase " by the Creator " to the closing sentence , which from then on read " life , with its several powers , having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one ".
It was certified nine times platinum by ARIA.
The storm damaged coral reefs in the region , which quickly regrew in the subsequent years.
Hector remained a Category 2 hurricane for about 24 hours.
After Hartman 's murder in 1998 , rather than replace him with a new voice actor , the production staff retired McClure , along with Hartman 's other recurring character , Lionel Hutz , from the show.
Meanwhile , a trickle of schools had begun to leave the scheme , starting with Trinity School of John Whitgift , which became independent in 1968 , but still had half its places funded by the LEA.
The ore is then added to a leach tank of sulfuric acid and ferrous iron ( Fe2 + ) in a 1 @.@ 6 : 1 ratio.
In some extremely capable jumpers , such as the Cuban tree frog ( Osteopilus septentrionalis ) and the northern leopard frog ( Rana pipiens ) , the peak power exerted during a jump can exceed that which the muscle is theoretically capable of producing.
Science Fiction began in March 1939 at 132 pages.
In the maneuvering , the cross @-@ fire trapped French forces ; at <unk> , unable to take cover , they were cut down from both sides ..
Værnes was taken into use by the Royal Norwegian Army in 1887.
However , since most antibiotics non @-@ specifically target bacteria and do not affect fungi , oral antibiotics can lead to an " overgrowth " of fungi and cause conditions such as a vaginal candidiasis ( a yeast infection ).
The demands and pressures of making ten films in two years left Cooper exhausted and in poor health , suffering from anemia and jaundice.
On the final lap , Johnson and Vickers left turn two with Johnson moving out of line to pass Earnhardt.
Ockham 's insistence that reason operates independently of faith allowed science to be separated from theology and philosophy.
Flieger @-@ <unk> ( 4th Flyers Training Division ) ..
The longest documented movement for an individual horn shark is 16 km ( 9 @.@ 9 mi ) ..
Carpenter was a local business man who operated his mercantile business in a shop that was shared with his brother , Joseph Carpenter , the silversmith.
In 2003 , it sold a further 43 @,@ 061 units , bringing its total to only 122 @,@ 022 units sold ..
Media speculation suggested that the speed on trialling and establishing an Apache maritime presence is due to the withdrawal of the British Aerospace Harrier II , as a stopgap replacement ..
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center estimated peak winds to have reached 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) along with a central pressure of 967 mb ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 56 inHg ).
He is noted for his military tactics and prowess , commanding the forces of Medina under Muhammad and the forces of his immediate successors of the Rashidun Caliphate , Abu Bakr and Umar ibn Khattab.
As Prapiroon neared Hong Kong , thousands of people were stranded in airports as hundreds of flights in and out of the area were cancelled.
She served on its Welfare Subcommittee , looking after the needs of soldiers ' families , and was president of the association from 1943 to 1946.
Their children were Nicholas , 21 ; Anthony , 18 ; Yolanda , 16 and Guy , 12.
The major character is Arthur Farnham , a wealthy Civil War veteran , likely based on Hay.
Bird aimed to mould this movement into a formal association , an ambition which was to crystallise as the Christian Medical Association.
After a couple years in the minor leagues , he debuted with the Devil Rays in 2000.
Victor Watson and <unk> Barton began holding tournaments in the UK and US , respectively.
In addition , 446 @,@ 900 viewed the episode from BBC iPlayer , an Internet television service ; as a result the episode became the seventeenth best performed iPlayer broadcast of 2009 ..
The 2014 – 15 Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball team represented the University of Michigan during the 2014 – 15 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season.
Following the conclusion of Operation Charnwood and the cancellation of First Army 's offensive towards Saint @-@ Lô , Montgomery met with Bradley and Dempsey on 10 July to discuss 21st Army Group 's next move.
Sora and his teammates are told that the castle causes visitors to lose their memories upon entering.
Returning to the Village in September , Bryant and Reed rented a small house at 1 <unk> Place and settled in.
In 1987 , Hillenburg left the institute to pursue his dream of becoming an animator , and began to envision the possible concept of a project involving anthropomorphic sea life , drawing several rough sketches.
With the growing popularity of the automobile and subsequent construction of new roads , ridership on the incline diminished and it was losing $ 25 @,@ 000 a year by 1961.
Gillian Anderson as main character FBI Special Agent Dana Scully is absent in the episode ..
This abruptly ended in March 1920 when , after a period of instability in Hungary , Miklós Horthy was elected regent.
All the while , on the battlefield , Bryennios 's army had closed around Alexios 's Franks , who dismounted and offered to surrender.
The wagon was then deemed too fragile for display ..
On the same issue , the song debuted at number 34 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Singles chart.
The dam crosses the San Joaquin River where it spills out of the Sierra Nevada , forming Millerton Lake , which provides water storage for San Joaquin Valley irrigators as well as providing a diversion point for a pair of canals , the Friant @-@ Kern Canal and the Madera Canal.
When the German Afrika Korps under command of General Erwin Rommel counterattacked in April 1941 , the LRDG was ordered to reinforce the Kufra area.
The game 's French designer Éric Chahi had previously worked as a game programmer and then as a graphic designer for video games since 1983.
" This constant stream of memos affected the AI team in particular ; Bowen , Hanbury Brown , and Lovell have all described their problematic relationship with Rowe.
Sparked by the killings in Huế on Vesak , the Buddhists organised nationwide mass protests against the religious bias of the Diệm regime throughout the summer of 1963 , demanding religious equality.
Both Schlatter and Aniston later had success on other TV shows , Schlatter on Diagnosis : Murder and Aniston on Friends ..
Stewart also co @-@ wrote and produced " Breakin ' Dishes " with Nash ..
Charley rapidly weakened over Florida , falling to Category 1 by early on August 14.
Over the following months the White House set terms for both firms ' bankruptcies , including the sale of Chrysler to Italian automaker Fiat and a reorganization of GM giving the U.S. government a temporary 60 percent equity stake in the company , with the Canadian government taking a 12 percent stake.
In 2013 , bassist Zach <unk> and drummer Spencer Cole joined the project and started recording their self @-@ titled debut EP immediately after.
In the first alternate scene , Josh was released from prison after serving 15 months out of the two years he was originally sentenced.
It shares land borders with Guinea and Liberia and is bordered to the west by the Atlantic Ocean.
The 4th Parachute Brigade was formed at RAF Kibrit in the Middle East on 1 December 1942.
As more violence spread throughout the state , Clayton declared martial law in 14 counties.
The same man who served as sexton during Poe 's original burial and his exhumations and <unk> was also present at the rites which brought his body to rest with Virginia and Virginia 's mother Maria Clemm ..
In the 21st century , the ruins of the gatehouse still survive , reaching up to the battlements on its east side , partially because it was built with very strong mortar.
Smith 's brother Hyrum , had he survived , would have had the strongest claim , followed by Smith 's brother Samuel , who died mysteriously a month after his brothers.
The show is quickly and dramatically altered by the executives and James Woods , however , much to the frustration of Brian , who nevertheless attempts to adapt to the new format.
It was always Goebel who was <unk> things up for State.
The vehicles of each patrol adopted their own markings.
At the same time , sales began in the People 's Republic of China and beginning in 1988 , individual Triumph products were manufactured under license in East Germany for the local market.
Augsburg participated in another , unsuccessful attempt to force the Gulf in late 1916.
Prisoners would be branded as slaves , and taken to a port to be sold , in order that the conquistadores could purchase weapons , supplies , and horses.
Based on these recommendations , he was transferred to the Erprobungstelle Rechlin , the Luftwaffe test facility at Rechlin in June 1940.
After that , the Rusticucci 's heirs sold the building to Mario Accoramboni , member of a family of lesser nobility which had emigrated from the <unk> town of <unk> to Rome.
A high @-@ status male relative , usually a father or brother , would assume control of the Imperial Secretariat.
Philosopher 's Walk is a scenic footpath that follows a meandering , wooded ravine , the buried <unk> Creek , linking with Trinity College , Varsity Arena and the Faculty of Law.
Returning antagonists include Tatsuya Sudou , a madman who was involved in the incident that precipitated the events of Innocent Sin ; and Takahisa Kandori , a former servant of Nyarlathotep and the main antagonist of Revelations : Persona who is resurrected through the power of Kotodama.
Nearby , flooding forced thousands of people to evacuate their homes , including 1 @,@ 000 people in the cities of Lindsay and Breckenridge.
An example of such a spectacle is a 1794 production that featured real water flowing down a rocky stream into a lake large enough on which to row a boat.
Around that time , the system began curving northwestward and later northward.
<unk> was described by writer and historian C. L. R. James : " They were plebeians : the butcher , the tailor , the candlestick maker , the casual labourer , with a sprinkling of unemployed.
He also opined that the film was " a lot more interesting to think about than watch ".
Reviewer 's interpretations of Oliver have generally negative.
The Nuova Cronica by Villani stands as a milestone achievement in the history of European chronicles.
GameSpot called the PSP version 's camera " unwieldy " , but added that smaller and less cluttered environments make the targeting system less frustrating than on other platforms.
Today , the president 's office is at the Ann Arbor campus , and the president has the privilege of living in the President 's House , the university 's oldest building located on Central Campus in Ann Arbor.
Repeatedly dying unlocks an easy mode : in this mode , the player can flee from battle if they choose ..
In July 2004 , the Minneapolis City Council passed a ban on indoor smoking in bars , restaurants , pool halls , and bowling alleys by a 12 @-@ 1 margin.
The river flows from east to west along Davenport 's banks , as opposed to its usual north to south direction.
Later , the general met a woman who told him how her father was a general , and when he realized that she was his daughter , he threw himself into the river out of shame.
" In response to Leslie Ludy 's recommendation that a single woman should seek to be God 's princess until becoming the princess of a human prince , the Petersons argue that this analogy makes young people see marriage as a fantasy comparable to that of Disney Princesses , and that this fantasy often results in disappointment.
Madonna had to fly to Stockholm for the editing and described pruning the 350 @-@ hour footage into a two @-@ hour documentary as " exhaustive ".
The two saw it as an opportunity to create games without the high financial risk of retail distribution , which they believed would require them to first accumulate funds by working for other video game companies.
Byrne initially had a long delay in writing material , but as the project progressed , he got to working several hours a day on the album and put his collaboration with Fatboy Slim on hold to finish the songs in the early part of 2008.
Two subspecies ‍ — ‌ P. t. terminalis and P. t. recurva ‍ — ‌ are recognised ; both are found on well @-@ drained acidic soils in sclerophyll forests , and P. t. terminalis is also found on granite outcrops.
To him , Naulakha symbolised the virtues , peacefulness , and solitude of the rural Vermont ..
They had a maximum range less than 9 @,@ 000 yd ( 8 @,@ 200 m ) when fired at maximum elevation ..
But Arthur took all the existing material , plus an impression of some of the rushes , and wrote the novel.
Elbridge Gerry wrote the most popular Anti @-@ Federalist tract , " Hon. Mr. Gerry 's Objections " , which went through 46 printings ; the essay particularly focused on the lack of a bill of rights in the proposed constitution.
The studio requested changes , and production continued.
Instead , he applied a system of " office fiefs " ( or honors ) , whereby his officials were entitled to enjoy all revenues accrued from their offices , but only for the time they held those offices.
The ramps were reopened on June 12 , 2002 , as a test , and remain open as of 2014.
He then stayed in Ann Arbor to play for the University of Michigan where he earned four varsity letters in football from 1979 @-@ 1982 while wearing the # 13.
General Gay , commanding the 1st Cavalry Division , repeatedly requested that the bombing include the area northeast of Waegwan.
[ e ] Many legislators who supported the bill lost their congressional seats as a result , including Johnson 's colleague Solomon P. Sharp from Kentucky.
As with the previous videos , the two @-@ minute video used a synthesized computer voice and featured stock footage of clouds and sky.
The current intrauterine devices ( IUD ) are small devices , often ' T ' -shaped , often containing either copper or levonorgestrel , which are inserted into the uterus.
The 777X program includes two models : the 777 @-@ 9 , which is stretched beyond the length of the 777 @-@ 300ER , and the 777 @-@ 8 , which is sized close to the 777 @-@ 300ER but with ultra @-@ long range capability.
Serving as the opening and title song of Cole 's debut album , the song is written in the key of C ♯ minor with a time signature in common time and a tempo of 129 beats per minute.
It accelerated east @-@ northeastward toward the Azores along the northern periphery of a ridge , briefly interacting with Claudette.
" Circus " is an uptempo electropop and dance @-@ pop song , with a stomp box beat and elements of pop rock.
For their September 18 show at Hollywood Bowl , reviewer Keith Plocek of LA Weekly felt that the group played a set of " solid tunes " , while Consequence of Sound 's Philip Cosores rated a few of the songs as " pretty @-@ perfect @-@ sounding renditions " , and commented that Kim Deal 's " rock and roll soul is still as strong as ever " ..
Grains et issues was accompanied by Personage d <unk> ( " Personage of Insomnia " ) , which went unpublished ..
Any chance of a relationship ends when Gilly reveals Rhys slept with her mother , Kathy Barnes ( Sarah Jane Buckley ).
That to me was the scariest thing.
The second is Universal Pull ( <unk> , <unk> Ten 'in , lit.
Cancellara entered the Tour de France in July , but was unable to come away with a victory in either the team time trial or the lone individual time trial.
The villages nearest to the Point , Blakeney and Cley , had the highest per capita spend per visitor of those surveyed , and Cley was one of the two sites with the highest proportion of pre @-@ planned visits.
However , some genera such as the inarticulate <unk> and the articulate <unk> have no pedicle , and cement the rear of the " pedicle " valve to a surface so that the front is slightly inclined up away from the surface.
Since entoprocts are small and soft @-@ bodied , fossils have been extremely rare.
" A stunned high school student pointed out , " They all look so normal.
After selling the house in the Tanglewood , the Bushes declared a room in The <unk> Hotel in Houston as their official voting address.
Players navigate between puzzles using three small onscreen icons.
Marge 's dream sees her in the role of Mrs. Robinson from Lost in Space , while Homer plays Dr. Smith.
Grasslands expanded east , forests became less common , and many Iowa lakes shrank or disappeared.
The soundtrack recreates " The Imperial March " from the film The Empire Strikes Back for its first chronological appearance in Attack of the Clones , even though a hint of it appeared in the previous movie in one of the final scenes.
York drew 0 – 0 away to Altrincham , which was the team 's first draw since November 2010 , before Jonathan Smith and Rankine scored as York won 2 – 1 away to Hayes & Yeading ..
They were described in intelligence reports as most loyal to the Soviets ( <unk> ).
It was the first episode to reveal the backstory of Sun and Jin , with the former being the focus of the episode 's flashbacks.
Ancient rock paintings , rock shelters , paleolithic stone tools ( hundreds of thousands of years old ) , and megaliths provide evidence that the mountains of the region have been inhabited since prehistoric times.
The car was liveried in a distinctive yellow @-@ and @-@ blue colour scheme accompanied by fluorescent green wheel @-@ rims , illustrating the team 's Brazilian influence in its first year.
The penultimate episode was viewed by 1 @.@ 5 million viewers and had a 7 % audience share , while Hell 's Kitchen received 3 @.@ 4 million viewers and a 15 % audience share.
Meanwhile , the Reserve Army is mobilized by Olbricht , unbeknownst to Fromm , to stand by.
Dannatt went on to chair a conference of welfare providers to military personnel in order to show that the Army understood the issues affecting its soldiers and to organise a series of smaller conferences , hosted by himself and Sir Freddie <unk> — then Adjutant @-@ General to the Forces — to discuss welfare issues with commanding officers across the UK.
The Election Committee announced that it would start publishing voting results on its web site two hours after the polling stations in Croatia closed , and it would expect to determine the referendum 's outcome by midnight.
The war was going badly for Russia , and the following month Nicholas appointed himself Supreme Commander of the Russian forces.
In addition to easily <unk> problems such as these , some more subtle but important issues have surfaced.
Stuart was offered a salary of US $ 15 – 20 per week , plus steady income from a day job in Pittsburgh.
Also in 1983 , the Philippines created <unk> , the first fully bilingual ( Tagalog and English ) version of Sesame Street.
The Southern Railway took advantage of the substation and installed transformers , raising the voltage to 4400 volts , for use along the Southern 's line between Calverton and Lynchburg.
Ridgewood , then a township , avoided further depredations by Midland Park and Glen Rock by incorporating as a village.
— In the river at the lake outlet are the fishing grounds , about a mile from the hotel , while at many places between the lake and canyon excellent fishing is had from shore.
Pong was very successful , and in turn helped drive sales of the Odyssey ; Baer once noted that customers bought the console because of Table Tennis , in turn because of Pong , and joked that they may as well have stopped designing games after that game card.
Now 41 , he had lost weight and also abandoned his trademark floppy hair.
I misread the note ... I thought it was a goodbye ".
Slotin received two small circular lead and silver commemorative pins for his work on the project ..
Two goals in the first 16 minutes courtesy of Gabor <unk> and Jon Parkin gave Cardiff an early 2 – 0 lead , which they held until the 55th minute when Huddersfield reduced the deficit to 2 – 1 courtesy of a Jordan Rhodes goal.
" True to this belief , Mahler drew material from many sources into his songs and symphonic works : bird calls and cow @-@ bells to evoke nature and the countryside , bugle fanfares , street melodies and country dances to summon the lost world of his childhood.
Several or more settlements made up a micro @-@ region , within which the residents cooperated economically and buried their dead in a common cemetery , but which was separated from other micro @-@ regions by undeveloped areas.
They began dating later that summer , became engaged in 1991 , and were married on October 3 , 1992.
Lynch is also a member of the Board of Advisors for the non @-@ profit organisation , the Harry Potter Alliance ( HPA ).
Although the presence of this trap was not detected by the Australians , Murphy 's evasion had ensured that his APCs had avoided it , moving the infantry by a cross @-@ country route instead.
In addition to the regular cast members , episodes feature guest voices from many ranges of professions , including actors , musicians , and artists.
His finished design was a long river of hospital beds arranged on a beach , inspired by a phrase from " Yet Another Movie " and Gilmour 's vague hint of a design that included a bed in a Mediterranean house , as well as " vestiges of relationships that have evaporated , leaving only echoes ".
Roche , however , tries to play mind games with Mulder.
Every song on Station to Station eventually appeared on a single.
The novel creates a number of binaries between men and women.
" The oral style of narration therefore provides a truthfulness which official history lacks.
Parvati Melton 's look in the item number was unveiled after the completion of the film 's shoot and those stills received positive response.
Rallying his men , the 67 @-@ year @-@ old General Wooster was mortally wounded moments after yelling " Come on my boys ! Never mind such random shots ! " about 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) from Ridgefield 's town center ; his inexperienced militia dissolved in confusion.
Kozara , located in northern Bosanska Krajina and centred around Mount Kozara , covers about 2 @,@ 500 square kilometres ( 970 square miles ).
He refused to participate and sent the national army into the building.
In creating the new project , a new name , ReactOS , was chosen.
In a 25 August 2009 ICF article , ICF Canoeing for All Committee and Canoe Kayak Canada 's Domestic Development Director John Edwards thanked efforts of the paddlers involved in the paddleability events for the 2009 championships.
Among the important accomplishments of the Parliament was the extension of suffrage to women , making Azerbaijan the first Muslim nation to grant women equal political rights with men.
Mycena polygramma , commonly known as the grooved bonnet , is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
The episode continues from the third season finale " First Strike " , where Atlantis drops out of hyperspace in the middle of deep space with 24 hours of power left after an Asuran attack ..
The most common naval tactics during the period were ramming ( Greek triremes were equipped with a cast @-@ bronze ram at the bows ) , or boarding by ship @-@ borne marines.
Despite this lower @-@ class background he had risen to middle @-@ class status , studying physics and mathematics at Kazan Imperial University before teaching at the Penza Institute for the Nobility.
Anderson , Berriman , Wright , and The Times ' Andrew Billen all speculate that the character is likely to return to the series in the future , with Anderson assessing that the episode 's ending left " vast scope " for the return of the character in her own spin @-@ off : " Moffett herself has the obvious credentials due to her real @-@ life dad , and she 's certainly young , attractive and athletic enough to cross quite a few barriers in viewer demographics.
In many cases , spinal cord injuries require substantial , long @-@ term physical and occupational therapy in rehabilitation , especially if they interfere with activities of daily living.
On 9 October , Clary was liberated and the following day the divisional artillery was firing in support of the 33rd which had made contact with German forces.
Benzodiazepines bind at the interface of the α and γ subunits on the GABAA receptor.
Drake returned to acting in January 2014 , hosting Saturday Night Live , as well as serving as the musical guest.
There is one case of a bald eagle killing and feeding on an adult , pregnant ewe ( then joined in eating the kill by at least 3 other eagles ) , which , weighing on average over 60 kg ( 130 lb ) , is much larger than any other known prey taken by this species ..
Carnegie once wrote that a man who dies rich , dies disgraced.
The plane appears to have been struck by the missile at an altitude of about 150 metres ( 490 ft ) ..
These " declarations " took a variety of forms.
Directors Michael Apted , Sidney Lumet and Ridley Scott all expressed an interest in making the film , but still no major studio was ready to invest in Rubin 's " too metaphysical " stories as " Hollywood does not make ghost movies ".
In January 1867 , Stevens introduced legislation to divide the South into five districts , each commanded by an army general empowered to override civil authorities.
Within film dialogue , Billy interprets the animal encountered as a Baryonyx or Suchomimus , but Dr. Grant corrects his analysis based on its size and its sail ..
It 's an exhilarating change of pace for the genre.
No aspect of the poem was an accident , he claims , but is based on total control by the author.
Because Nojima already had a story in mind in which the main characters were the same age , the idea worked.
She gave birth to a son named Wei Ran ( <unk> ).
The currently accepted model of platelets is a large regular array of carbon interstitials ..
The ship 's complement was 134 officers and enlisted men , although it increased to 142 during wartime ..
In Massachusetts , wind gusts reached 76 mph ( 122 km / h ) in Nantucket , and 1 @,@ 000 homes lost power in Chatham.
New Jersey spent her entire career in the Atlantic Fleet.
Military ships makes use of cannon or flaming arrows , while some ships can collect resources or transport land units ..
The effects of Hazel were particularly unprecedented in Toronto , as a result of a combination of a lack of experience in dealing with tropical storms and the storm 's unexpected retention of power.
At times , some ox cart trains did not go all the way through , but were supplemented by river craft.
In Part I , the Messiah 's coming and the virgin birth are predicted by the Old Testament prophets.
At the outbreak of World War II , Chisholm , a conscientious objector , was declared unfit for military service on the basis of poor eyesight and a crooked arm.
New reports , however show a growing trend towards green products ..
In retrospect , Swift said about the song , " It ’ s about a love that you 've got to hide because for whatever reason it wouldn 't go over well.
The obverse of the gold medal carries the motto : " Let not the deep swallow me up " , from Psalm 69.
Chalcophile ( " chalcogen @-@ loving " ) elements in this context are those metals and heavier nonmetals that have a low affinity for oxygen and prefer to bond with the heavier chalcogen sulfur as sulfides.
Originally intended as a real @-@ time strategy game involving cavemen , the game was re @-@ imagined into a racing game prior to its release in 1997.
Accelerating to the northeast due to an approaching trough , the hurricane re @-@ intensified slightly before making landfall near Wilmington , North Carolina , early on September 12.
The disputed story of 999 Christian martyrs who were killed by the Romans under pagan Emperor Diocletian in Lichfield in 288 CE is depicted in the stonework of the monument.
Several methods of contraception , including cervical caps and cervical diaphragms aim to block or prevent the passage of sperm through the cervical canal.
A basidiocarp is formed in which club @-@ like structures known as basidia generate haploid basidiospores after <unk> and meiosis.
Her international fame escalated in 1988 , when the centenary of Vincent van Gogh 's visit to Arles provided an occasion to meet reporters.
This period saw the building of Hindu temples and a flourishing of literature , both in Tamil and Sanskrit ..
On the year , he batted .252 with 37 runs scored , 74 hits , eight doubles , four triples , two home runs , 16 RBIs , and 10 stolen bases.
When he gained consciousness the following day , he found himself in a hospital with both hands amputated.
Serving as assistant director for MacMullan was Raymond Persi , who later became , according to current showrunner Al Jean , one of the series ' " best regular directors ".
The single 's cover artwork was revealed three days later via her official website.
In the end , they had Enn Reitel re @-@ record the vocal snippet.
Within a month of beginning his duties , Driberg achieved a scoop with the first national newspaper reports of the activities in Oxford of the American evangelist Frank Buchman , whose movement would in time be known as Moral Re @-@ Armament.
After crossing Allied lines , four fighters were lost to AAA fire.
However , when two copies of the trait are present , by breeding two <unk> together , the coat is affected differently — causing hairlessness , and earning the colloquial name , " double @-@ rex ".
The name Slavonia originated in the Early Middle Ages.
However , Hannah admits that she was " embarrassed " about wanting to move to Oregon ..
It was called <unk> in Nahuatl , derived from <unk> " collar " and <unk> " bird of prey " ..
The Arizona Republic writer Bill Goodykoontz wrote that Hudgens shows a somewhat mature side in the video : " [ W ] hen your only context for ever having seen Hudgens is starring as Gabriella , the sweet little brainiac in High School Musical , it 's certainly different to see her flouncing around in spaghetti @-@ strap tops , rolling her shoulders and whatnot.
Through the efforts of screenwriter Luciano <unk> , the rights to For a Few Dollars More and the final film of the trilogy ( The Good , the Bad and the Ugly ) were sold to United Artists for about $ 900 @,@ 000 ..
Evra scored his only goal of the season on 8 January 2005 in the team 's Round of 64 Coupe de France match against amateur club AC <unk> @-@ <unk>.
He followed this up a week later with a try @-@ scoring man of the match performance against St. Helens as Wigan won their first cup semi @-@ final since 2004.
Over the course of several years , Grant 's political opinions shifted from libertarian socialism to free market @-@ based philosophies.
Upon collecting both the box and key , they open it to find a parchment , revealing that Olivia herself is the crowbar ..
A reporter noticed that many " mythic symbols " such as the Christian symbols of angels , saints , healers , and saviors , were " attached to Selena " by fans.
Presented to the Scottish Parliament by the Queen upon Parliament 's official opening in July 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case , suspended from the lid.
By October , when the original sale had run its course , the book had sold fewer than 20 @,@ 000 copies.
They also established Svalbard as a free economic zone and a demilitarized zone.
On May 1 , 1839 , he was ordained in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania.
With the advent of the Second Party System , he allied with the National Republican ( later Whig ) Party and was a fervent supporter of Henry Clay and opponent of Democrats Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren.
The ba was the component of the human or divine soul that affected the world around it.
The spirits communicated a complex and esoteric system of philosophy and history , which the couple developed into an exposition using geometrical shapes : phases , cones , and gyres.
The incredible <unk> of Hrithik Roshan , Aishwarya Rai , Abhishek Bachchan , Bipasha Basu and Uday Chopra and the exciting and explosive content of the movie encapsulates everything that the Pepe Jeans brand stands <unk> young , cool , trendy , hip , fashionable and innovative ..
A second crisis arose on 30 July 1832.
During 2007 Scottish and Southern Energy plc in conjunction with the University of Strathclyde began the implementation of a Regional Power Zone in the Orkney archipelago.
Rod Thorn , then the NBA 's vice president for operations , ruled that Javie overreacted in ejecting Ellison and would be subject to discipline.
) If the contestant responds correctly , the clue 's dollar value is added to the contestant 's score , and they may select a new clue from the board.
Krycek escapes through a window while Jeraldine is shot by a group of men coming down the hallway.
Some of the thermal insulation tore loose , raising the cabin temperature to 40 ° C ( 104 ° F ).
Roberts said that he was initially indifferent about competing in Europe , but when he read that Sheene had labeled him as , " no threat " , he made up his mind to compete.
Eddie Barlow , one of the South African members of the Rest of the World team , suggested to Sobers towards the end of the English series that the West Indian might like to take part in a friendly double @-@ wicket competition in the Rhodesian capital Salisbury on 12 September , the local Pioneers ' Day holiday.
In a career spanning 30 years , Grant has repeatedly claimed that acting is not a true calling , rather it is just a job he fell into ..
Further planning was underway in 1965 , with the goal to have the route built by 1972 , the federal highway funding deadline.
These were primarily used for shore bombardment , New Jersey firing nearly 6 @,@ 000 rounds of 16 inch shells and over 14 @,@ 000 rounds of 5 inch projectiles during her tour on the gunline , seven times more rounds against shore targets in Vietnam than she had fired in the Second World War ..
On 3 September at Würzburg , Jourdan attempted to halt the retreat.
Many of his own poems appeared in student publications such as The Granta , Cambridge Magazine , and <unk>.
In response to the disaster , the Government of Jamaica established the Office of Disaster Preparedness and Emergency Management in July 1980 ..
The call of the Grévy 's zebra has been described as " something like a hippo 's grunt combined with a donkey 's wheeze ".
Shauna Macdonald also returns as Sam Buxton.
Diageo attributed the growth in no small part to the positive reception garnered by noitulovE ..
The guest cast for the episode featured actress Suzie Plakson , figure skater Michelle Kwan , as well as actors Wally Wingert and Carlos Alazraqui.
Octopus Cards Limited claimed that the fault was due to an upgrade of communication systems.
A third game entitled Sam & Max : The Devil 's Playhouse was confirmed in May 2008 for release in 2009 ; the title was later pushed back to 2010 , with concept art emerging after Telltale 's completion of Tales of Monkey Island.
Admiral Andrew Cunningham , commander of the Mediterranean Fleet , attempted to interpose his ships between the Italians and their base at Taranto.
Senior adviser Christopher <unk> explained that the purpose of the straw poll " was not about votes , it was about introducing our candidate to the public in our first large forum ... By any measure , we did that " ..
Unbeknownst to humans , advanced extraterrestrials ( " Progenitors " ) had been conducting experiments in vast distributed nervous systems , culminating in planetary biosphere @-@ sized <unk> nervous system ( " Manifold " ) on Chiron , leaving behind monoliths and artifacts on Planet to guide and examine the system 's growth.
Sulfur was sometimes burned beneath the nesting tree to suffocate the birds , which fell out of the tree in a weakened state ..
These guns fired a 12 @.@ 7 @-@ pound ( 5 @.@ 74 kg ) shell at a muzzle velocity of 7 @,@ 070 feet per second ( 2 @,@ 154 m / s ) to a range of 3 @,@ 602 yards ( 3 @,@ 294 m ).
She is shown in half @-@ length , which enables the artist to show her hands crossed at her waist ..
To adjust to potential audio feedback and leakage and obtain a usable take , Chavarria tried having Badu sit in an overstuffed chair six feet behind the mixing console and use alternate microphones such as a Neumann M 269 or AEA R44 ribbon microphone with Sony MDR @-@ <unk> headphones into a Furman headphone mixer.
Instead of repeating exactly the same design over and over , they have slight variations in each stage , allowing a richer structure while maintaining the elegant style of fractals.
The academy was also an early adopter of the Internet in the mid @-@ 1990s , and was recognized in 2006 as one of the nation 's " most wired " campuses ..
In response , the Kentucky General Assembly passed an act that granted debtors a grace period of two years in repaying their debts unless their creditors would accept payment in the devalued notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth.
M @-@ 53 now follows Van Dyke Road , which is paralleled by a HESR line as far north as Kinde.
The call to open a college in West Texas began shortly after the arrival of settlers in the area in the 1880s.
In 1974 , Bob Lord hired Cambridge Soil Services to relay the Turf Moor pitch , and the work also incorporated new drainage technology and under @-@ soil heating.
When the 2000 Republican National Convention began in Philadelphia at the end of July , McCain took his Straight Talk Express to meet with his delegates and supporters before formally releasing them to Bush.
He was heavily involved with the organisation of the Great Exhibition of 1851 , which was a resounding success ..
During 2001 , Grossman performed 20 concerts with long @-@ time friend Matt Moffitt ( 1956 – 2003 ) singer @-@ songwriter and founder of Matt Finish.
By 31 August , Graves had moved his five ships of the line out of New York harbor to meet with Hood 's force.
The church covers 82 by 41 feet ( 25 by 12 m ) , with a ceiling 40 feet ( 12 m ) high.
Vittorio Veneto returned to Naples on 22 March , and four days later led an attempt to attack British shipping off Greece , in company with eight cruisers and nine destroyers.
The host is thus likely to play a major role in supplying the endosymbionts with necessary chemicals , leading to increased respiratory needs.
The House of Lords held that a minister 's power under an Act is not unfettered , and that the Minister in question had effectively frustrated the objects of the statute as his non @-@ exercise of the power had been based on a misunderstanding of the purpose for which the power was given to him.
It was composed in 1723 and is in twelve movements.
Eurogamer wrote that they created a welcome mix with no gameplay element overemphasized.
It was erected in 2006 and forms part of the River Parrett Trail.
Control of the bridges and passages between Ulm and Donauwörth , Neuburg , then Ingolstadt offered an advantage of both transport and prestige ..
This mashup of samples was underpinned by rudimentary beatbox rhythms and overlaid with Drummond 's raps of social commentary , esoteric metaphors and mockery.
The story and the trial were covered by her father 's newspaper which reported that Lett was convicted and sentenced to death.
His father was an employee of the BBC , and Willis had an elder brother named David with whom he played cricket in the garden , and an elder sister.
This line was improvised by Chris Pratt ..
The Ionian Islands , part of Venetian maritime territories , were ceded to France.
While a member of the 158th Aviation Battalion Brown was a Company Commander.
Another more ambitious and dramatic video had originally been planned by Boutonnat.
She , along with the women who had become <unk> during the four years of the sorority 's existence who had since graduated , elected to remain Alpha Kappa Alpha.
After King Stewart and his army leaves , Griffin and Redbush remain in Quahog to live happily ever after ..
Kroonland 's convoy was escorted by Frederick and Colhoun.
Joseph McBride of Variety observed the " <unk> Nazi villains of Raiders have been replaced by more genuinely frightening Nazis led by Julian Glover and Michael Byrne , " and found the moment where Indiana meets Hitler " chilling ".
Selena said she felt intimidated by the recording deal because the situation was new to her and only a few people had believed she would achieve success in the pop market ..
Banksia ilicifolia is the only common member of that subgenus ; the two other species are rare and threatened , and are protected under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.
Another crumpet , Captain Maggot , has taken a leave.
In 1996 , Carolco , 21st Century , and Marvel went bankrupt ..
The game was broadcast nationally on ABC and the Texans defeated the Oilers 20 – 17 in double overtime.
Ocasek produced the New Wave @-@ influenced tracks " Don 't Let Me Down " and " Platinum Blonde Life " , the former of which was described as sounding " more like the Cars than the Cars ".
The McGill endowment only provides approximately 10 per cent of the school 's annual operating revenues.
To support the album , the band performed on a " six @-@ date club tour " in which they visited small venues in Boston , San Francisco , Los Angeles , Minneapolis , Miami , and New York City in early June 2007.
Weisner announced his candidacy for mayor almost two years before the election , in order to solidify his base of support , which might have gone to other potential candidates if he waited.
" The way I look at it , you 're the MVP of the National League for that month.
Rapinoe played for the under @-@ 14 Northern California state Olympic Development Program ( ODP ) team in 1999 as well as the regional ODP team in 2002 ..
In southeastern Europe , monumental national cathedrals built in the capital cities of formerly Ottoman areas used Neo @-@ Classical or Neo @-@ Byzantine styles.
" End Game " is a two @-@ part episode , continuing the plot from the previous episode , " Colony " ..
Later , at a supermarket , Scully swipes the implant across a checkout scanner , causing the machine to malfunction while displaying a strange serial number.
The turrets were placed well clear of the superstructure , giving them a wide arc of fire , close to 300 degrees of rotation.
" The following year the BBC 's Controller of Programmes , Cecil McGivern — who had initially feared that viewers would not accept such an unusual name for the leading character — noted in reference to the impending launch of the rival ITV network that : " Had competitive television been in existence then , we would have killed it every Saturday night while [ The Quatermass Experiment ] lasted.
Although crocodiles and American alligators both occur in extreme southern Florida , alligators are uncommon in Biscayne , since alligators mainly inhabit fresh waters found farther inland , while crocodiles can live in Biscayne 's somewhat saltier estuarine waters ..
He made his final senior appearance for the club on 26 December 1970 in the 3 – 3 draw with Tranmere Rovers at Deepdale.
By the end of 1933 , the membership of the SS reached 209 @,@ 000.
Albert Einstein had expressed his interest in the profession of plumber and was made an honorary member of the Plumbers and Steamfitters Union.
Robert Young states that the company was unsure as to the real costs as they reported to shareholders in 1828 that the saving using locomotives was 30 per cent.
When males do leave , they either live alone or with other males.
Music is all I 've ever wanted to do.
He also liked to evoke familiar musical styles , such as his madrigals in The Mikado , Ruddigore and The Yeomen of the Guard , glees in H.M.S. Pinafore and The Mikado and <unk> in Ruddigore and The Gondoliers.
Upon hearing Gaye 's preliminary mix of Stover 's draft , Townsend protested and claimed that the song would be better suited with sexual and romantic overtones , particularly " about making sweet love.
The first fossil cetaceans near shallow seas ( where porpoises inhabit ) were found around the North Pacific ; species like <unk> were found along California ( in what was then estuaries ).
At the end of the 3 : 05 performance , Hendrix laughs it off with " Did you think I could do that ? " In addition to the 1968 documentary , the " Hear My Train A Comin ' " performance is included in the 1973 film Jimi Hendrix and accompanying soundtrack album ( re @-@ released on Blues ).
The companies that remained active throughout the Meiji era also significantly broadened Noh 's reach by catering to the general public , performing at theatres in major cities such as Tokyo and Osaka ..
In the opera Flowers as Matchmakers ( Hua Wei Mei ) , she transformed the traditional melancholy tunes of pingju into joyous ones , and enriched the pingju repertoire by creating many new melodies.
The book carried a foreword by Channel 4 News anchor Jon Snow , in which he wrote about his grandfather Lieutenant @-@ General Sir Thomas D 'Oyly Snow.
The tetralogy has been filmed by Jan Troell as The Emigrants ( 1971 ) and The New Land ( 1972 ) , and forms the basis of Kristina from <unk> , a 1995 musical by former ABBA members Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus ..
On 21 September Farnese sent a letter to Verdugo commanding him to leave Zutphen with 1 @,@ 000 men , meet the convoy and deliver it to the town.
Lake @-@ effect snows add to precipitation potential downwind of the Great Lakes , as well as Great Salt Lake and the Finger Lakes during the cold season.
Obviously , all this happens in real @-@ time.
Roosevelt was minded to build the canal anyway , using an earlier treaty with Colombia that gave the U.S. transit rights in regard to the Panama Railroad.
To prevent the possibility of a military coup , Dacko created the gendarmerie , an armed police force of 500 , headed by Jean Izamo , and a 120 @-@ member presidential security guard , led by Prosper <unk> ..
The profiles suggest that there may be two local source regions , the first centered near 30 ° N 260 ° W and the second near 0 ° N 310 ° W. It is estimated that Mars must produce 270 tonnes per year of methane ..
This involved controversial decisions , such as hiring in 1951 the Chinese biochemist Tien @-@ chin Tsao and the Hungarian @-@ born economist Peter Bauer.
The metal part will never leave , and I never want it to ".
Throughout central Maryland , 472 buildings and homes were destroyed , with 3 @,@ 260 greatly damaged and another 3 @,@ 600 affected in general.
A series of tribute albums was released in the subsequent months by the companies owning his catalogs.
He took the opportunity to purchase surplus military equipment in New Guinea and established himself as a trader in Finschhafen , later expanding to Lae and Wau.
A portion of Kamehameha Highway was shut down around 11 : 00 pm HST when the Waikane Stream overflowed its banks.
" Musically it 's a pretty joyful four minutes , featuring bouncing beats , acoustic riffs and Gwen Stefani @-@ style cheerleader chants , but there 's something a bit flat about Madonna 's delivery.
At the end of that year , the banks stopped paying out gold , which thereafter commanded a premium over paper money.
Geiling presumed that Frances was a man and offered her the position.
Black and the FBI investigate the crime scene ; Black not only realises the bomber 's proficiency with explosives , but is able to work out that he viewed the bombing from the parking garage.
After settling in , he hit Eric Hollies for two sixes , including one that hit the top of the roof.
For the February 1941 issue of Stirring Science Stories , the $ 15 art budget went to Leo Morey , an established artist.
The group also tried to introduce pathogens into The Dalles ' water system.
Theodore H. Frank et al. v. Netflix Inc. et al.
The leading song , " Like Eating Glass " , was inspired by a remix of The Smiths ' " There Is a Light That Never Goes Out " Okereke heard in 2002.
Broadcast Music Incorporated awarded composer Steve Jablonsky for his score.
First , Shah Tahmasp had the Baghdad governor loyal to Suleiman killed and replaced with an adherent of the Shah , and second , the governor of Bitlis had defected and sworn allegiance to the Safavids.
As significant convection failed to persist , the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Olga earlier on December 13 while located about 80 miles ( 130 km ) northwest of Kingston ..
God of War : Blood & Metal is a heavy metal homage by various bands on the Roadrunner Records label , and features original music inspired by the God of War video game series.
He suffers a number of disasters both related and unrelated to Victor and Margaret 's own misfortunes , only to find that the film had actually fallen into the lining of his jacket and had been with him for much of his journey.
On October 4 , 2007 , OverClocked ReMix announced a competition , in conjunction with Piano Squall and <unk> , regarding the creation of a music video set to a track from Voices of the Lifestream.
Four days after Lawton 's debut , he scored again for England at Highbury in a 3 – 0 win over ' The Rest of Europe ' , a team of players selected from Italy , Germany , France , Belgium , Hungary and Norway.
The city was prepared to lease him the land , but Schmittou would be responsible for building the stadium , paying the property taxes , and paying the city a portion of the team 's total revenue ..
The colour of these blotches may become darker or lighter due to time of day , environment , and stress.
In a 1929 article appearing in the Lowell Sun newspaper , physician Morris Fishbein speculated that for Ali 's nut feat , the one nut of a different variety was held in the mouth rather than swallowed , thus allowing him to produce it on cue.
In 1641 Lord Dell lost £ 3000 in cards gambling there ..
While intensifying , Cyclone Favio brushed the southern tip of Madagascar while bringing heavy rains to the nation.
His music won the Magritte Award for Best Original Score in 2012 ..
As a result , the task of attacking the battleship was transferred to RAF Bomber Command.
While Germany 's Army Group B was able to increase their armored strength from 100 to 239 vehicles , these were opposed by 2 @,@ 300 Allied tanks.
Some sources report that she too was grounded , but others report that she was retaken by her crew and managed to reach Cadiz.
Then marching towards Thebes , he camped at Leuctra , in the territory of Thespiae.
Player also became the tournament 's first overseas winner with his first victory in 1961.
They were not particularly interested in music.
To the east of the Town Bridge on the same route from the town centre the Waterloo Bridge spans the larger branch of the Avon.
" When the pub closed , the group moved on to SEX , where Lydon , who had given little thought to singing , was convinced to improvise along to Alice Cooper 's " I 'm Eighteen " on the shop jukebox.
He received great praise for his time as director from both Harold Varmus , former director of the NIH and current director of the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) , and Richard Klausner , former director of the NCI.
Author Paul Williams has noted that scene and situation are combined into a gorgeous evocation of muddied consciousness in " Just Like Tom Thumb 's Blues " , without ever resolving into a clear picture of what the song is about.
The British claimed three torpedo hits , but two of the torpedoes actually struck the harbor wall behind the battleship.
In 2003 , work began on rebuilding the bridge carrying DE 58 over the highway to allow for future improvements to I @-@ 95 , with completion in fall 2006 , a year behind schedule.
As is suggested by other lambeosaurine skulls , the crest of Parasaurolophus likely permitted both species identification ( such as separating it from Corythosaurus or Lambeosaurus ) and sexual identification by shape and size ..
All the other orchestral works were written either for the stage , as in Daphnis et Chloé , or as a reworking of piano pieces , Alborada del gracioso and Une barque sur l <unk> , ( Miroirs ) , Valses nobles et sentimentales , Ma mère l 'Oye , Tzigane ( originally for violin and piano ) and Le tombeau de Couperin.
Support for Quisling from right @-@ wing elements in Norwegian society rocketed overnight , and 153 distinguished signatories called for Quisling 's claims to be investigated.
Cartman is rescued by the occupants of an inflatable raft.
Her role was well received by Glen Oliver by IGN who liked that she did not portray her character " as a victimized female " but instead " as a strong female who does not come across as an over @-@ the @-@ top Women 's Right Advocate.
Each club needed to progress through five rounds to reach the final.
The hangars in Alabama were six times larger than the biggest sound stage in the world.
This led to a ladder match at SummerSlam , in which Triple H won the title.
In his Reflections , Burke criticised the view of many British thinkers and writers who had welcomed the early stages of the French revolution.
The SEGS plants in California and Acciona 's Nevada Solar One near Boulder City , Nevada are representatives of this technology ..
The action of 28 January was the final battle between British and German warships in Norwegian waters during World War II.
Given project number A @-@ 125 , his design added an extra twin main @-@ gun turret , using space and weight made available by the reduction of the number of boilers from 21 to 12 , while the power remained the same.
She was named for the volcanic island of Stromboli , and was armed with a main battery of two 10 @-@ inch ( 254 mm ) and six 6 @-@ inch ( 152 mm ) guns , and could steam at a speed of 17 knots ( 31 km / h ; 20 mph ).
During the 1951 – 52 season , the Lakers won 40 games , finishing second in their division.
In 2008 he illustrated a Red Hulk story in King @-@ Size Hulk # 1 , and later illustrated a Hulk / Wendigo story that appeared in 11 @-@ page installments Hulk # 7 - 9 , as well as those issues ' covers.
<unk> in the Mediterranean have found females outnumbering males across all ages ; this imbalance increases in the older age classes.
One individual was found preserved with long filaments on the tail , similar to those of Tianyulong , and scales across the rest of the animal.
" On the subject of using not only a <unk> minuscule method of filming but also additional sound effects , supervising producer Paul Rabwin recounts , " I had to set up a very , very highly magnified lens to try to get this little device coming right at us.
As of December 2013 , Biman owed BDT 15 @.@ 60 billion to different sources ; of which BDT <unk> @.@ 2 million to CAAB and BDT 8 @.@ 50 billion to Padma Oil Company , its fuel supplier.
The Old English cognate terms wælcyrge and wælcyrie appear in several Old English manuscripts , and scholars have explored whether the terms appear in Old English by way of Norse influence , or reflect a tradition also native among the Anglo @-@ Saxon pagans.
Von Erlach 's troops numbered about 6 @,@ 000 men and 19 cannons.
Western capitalists were restricted from entering the state while Christian missionaries were tolerated.
It became a major commercial success for Jagjaguwar , an independent label , and has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , for sales of over 500 @,@ 000 copies.
Carter was instrumental in leading the team to a then @-@ franchise high 47 wins and their first playoff series win in 2001 , where they advanced to the Eastern Conference semifinals.
His death was initially reported to be a suicide.
In its third chart week , the album fell to number eight with sales of 38 @,@ 000 copies.
All signaling equipment , electronics and radios were knocked out on the first pass.
Columbia Records released it as the album 's first single on September 27 , 2005.
Their replacements in the 2011 season were Don , Katia , Rina , Sean , and Whitney , respectively.
An artillery officer , Kenly had been the Executive Officer of the Aviation School in San Diego before the outbreak of war and instructed Dodd , Bolling and Mitchell.
The song reached number three on the U.S. Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart ..
The Plutonium Boss originally intended to inject Jason and Fred with <unk> that , even if Jason managed to defeat him , would kill both Jason and Fred , but he could only inject Fred.
Arnold 's composition , " Surrender " , performed by k.d. lang , was still used for the end titles , and features the same prominent melodic motif as the film 's score.
The most favourable responses to the anthology were those of Auden and John Betjeman , while the most hostile was that of Donald Davie , who accused Larkin of " positive cynicism " and of encouraging " the perverse triumph of philistinism , the cult of the amateur ... [ and ] the weakest kind of <unk> ".
Unlike contemporary rock drummers such as Ginger Baker and John Bonham , Moon hated drum solos and refused to play them in concert.
Nadler also praised the choice of color , stating that it contained " the right palette of dark and <unk> hues " , as well as the cover artwork , calling it " consistently stunning ".
She arrived on 18 December and Emperor Taishō received her officers in the Imperial Palace two days later.
His group became the E @-@ 5 ( Implosion ) Group , which was part of Captain William S. Parsons ' E Division.
A hidden shaft was discovered during a 19th @-@ century investigation of two secret rooms above the kitchen , connecting them to a tunnel leading to the moat , the entrance to which has since been filled in.
It took " fifteen man @-@ years " and three actual years to develop the game.
In the modern era , elephants have traditionally been a major part of zoos and circuses around the world.
She lost against Dominika Cibulková in the quarterfinal of the UNICEF Open.
The Broncos released him from their practice squad in September 1998 , and he was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars.
In June 1940 he joined the 6th Marines in San Diego , and was promoted to major in April 1941 ..
In his autobiography , Caracciola said he only ever sold one car for Fafnir , but due to inflation by " the time the car was delivered the money was just enough to pay for the horn and two headlights " ..
Dungeon Siege III was the first game to use Obsidian 's own in @-@ house Onyx engine ..
A second charge of being found in a protected place without permission was taken into consideration for sentencing purposes.
By 600 CE , groups of these early settlers had moved inland and begun clearing the forests of the central highlands.
As a result , a group of Protestants known as the Immortal Seven invited James II 's daughter Mary and her husband William of Orange to depose the king.
After the train departs from the station , it immediately begins to climb the vertical ( 90 degree ) lift hill.
Lindros , who had been picked first overall by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1991 entry draft , had refused to play for Quebec during the 1991 – 92 season , forcing the club 's owner Marcel Aubut to trade him.
Their production was unconventional , similar to Infinity Ward 's old practices , and the game didn 't have design documentation.
The second starboard lifeboat also capsized when the sea crashed over , washing all the occupants into the sea.
It is said that Coke first suggested marrying Hatton to Sir Robert Cecil , Hatton 's uncle , at the funeral of Lord Burghley , Coke 's patron ; he needed to ensure that he would continue his rise under Burghley 's son , Cecil , and did this by marrying into the family.
" Knowledge of the fish cannot begin until decay has commenced , reducing the specimen to its constituent parts ..
X @-@ ray emission from the core is aligned with the massive stars surrounding the central bar and the Galactic ridge ..
A proponent was quoted as saying , " It 's like the Great Wall of China – given enough time and money and people , you can do anything.
He took over command from Oberleutnant Eberhard <unk> , who had been taken prisoner of war.
However in 1997 Sly Stone said that the " There 's a Riot Goin ' On " track had no running time simply because " I felt there should be no riots.
Zakuani also won the award for his perfectly timed break past the defensive back line for a one @-@ on @-@ one situation with the goalkeeper while scoring a goal against Toronto FC.
In the face of Harith 's forces , Asad 's troops could not cross the Oxus but retreated to Balkh.
Murray graded the episode with a B + , explaining it " was a strange Fringe for me.
Instead of killing Bond immediately , Grant reveals SMERSH 's plan , including the detail that he is to shoot Bond through the heart and that the Spektor is booby @-@ trapped to explode when examined.
Maya means that the world is not as it seems ; the world that one experiences is misleading as far as its true nature is concerned.
This " ace @-@ in @-@ a @-@ day " achievement took his total to 33 aerial victories.
He knew how to look after himself , but was not much to be trusted ".
Marie conspired with her lover , Gaston ( Jeff Rector ) , to kill Carno by sabotaging the equipment for his most infamous and dangerous <unk> trick , in which Carno dons a burning hood and escapes from bonds on a throne equipped with an overhead pendulous axe.
" Adam Finley of TV Squad wrote " the episode , even if I didn 't care for it as a whole , does have moments that are still very Simpson @-@ y , and still very funny.
The star rating system is unsuited to this film.
Though they had considered adapting the game for consoles , and had produced two titles for the original PlayStation , they could only realize YDKJ games with players at the same keyboard for input.
The Xianbei reached their apogee under Tanshihuai ( <unk> ) ( d.
Because the lyrics were sung on formal occasions , such as birthdays , there was no sheet music for it until the 19th century ..
This rendition of basic story line seems to fit the modern consensus.
In Switzerland , the song entered the chart at number 10 and peaked at number eight ; it stayed on the chart for a long period of 31 weeks.
Johnson had hoped that the minor leagues would support his position ; when they did not , he and the " Loyal Five " teams agreed to the Lasker Plan.
This was the Morelli House , designed by architect Hugh Taylor for Antonio Morelli , a " rare example of modernist architecture in Las Vegas ".
Their jobs include maintaining a high level of preparedness , keeping a vigilant lookout for fire activity , responding to reports of fires , maintaining equipment , monitoring weather and relative atmospheric dryness , and preparing daily fire activity reports , which are used to post fire information for visitors and staff.
The DM selects and describes the various non @-@ player characters ( NPCs ) that the party encounters , the settings in which these interactions occur , and the outcomes of those encounters based on the players ' choices and actions.
In total , Florida State 's defense was No. 1 in college football in terms of sacks ( 43 ) and 15th in tackles for loss ( 7 @.@ 2 per game ).
Göring , prompted by the desires of Hitler , wanted cannons of some 2 @,@ 000 lb in weight which fired at a rate of one shell per second.
" George Bernard Shaw , writing in The World in October 1893 , stated :.
In October 2001 , northbound US 13 was realigned to the new alignment south of Odessa in order to build DE 1 in that area.
She was trapped by British cruisers , including her old opponent Glasgow.
The university 's website says , " the vision of the founder remains in full view over one @-@ hundred years later.
Piers Gaveston 's father was Arnaud de Gabaston , a Gascon knight in the service of Gaston VII of Béarn.
The gun was a scaled @-@ up version of the BL 15 inch Mk I naval gun and was developed to equip the " large light cruiser " ( a form of battlecruiser ) Furious.
The next day , Black learns that Gilbert died in a car accident ; he believes the vehicle may have been tampered with ..
Hess and some SA men had taken a few of the dignitaries hostage on the night of the 8th , driving them to a house about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Munich.
The first essay , " On Face @-@ work " , discusses the concept of face , which is the positive self @-@ image that an individual holds when interacting with others.
Radio 1 DJ Greg James appears in a non @-@ speaking cameo role , as a man shopping for lingerie.
The case began when the investigation of an automobile rollover accident during Mateen Cleaves ' 1996 Michigan Wolverines recruiting trip revealed a curious relationship between Martin and the team.
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold more than 120 million tickets in the US in its initial theatrical run.
They slowed the pace of Richard 's mounted charge and bought Tudor some critical time.
The murders continued for two days , claiming a total of 33 @,@ 771 victims.
As Toronto grew outwards following the annexation of various municipalities , the Ontario Department of Highways ( DHO ) began planning for a bypass of the city , aptly named the Toronto Bypass.
The final minute of " Secrets That I Never Want to Know " drew 12 @.@ 188 million viewers and received a 7 @.@ 9 rating / 12 share overall with 4 @.@ 1 rating / 9 share in the 18 to 49 demographic.
William turned away from Rochester and seized Pevensey.
The colorless stones produced strong fluorescence and phosphorescence under short @-@ wavelength ultraviolet light , but were inert under long @-@ wave UV.
By 287 BC , the economic condition of the average plebeian had become poor.
Billboard ranked the record as the No. 18 song of 1970 ..
Its increasing population means that it is now classed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List , an improvement on its Threatened status in 1988.
Disagreement arose only over the issue of financing.
He scored only one in 19 regular season games – finishing the season with 30 combined between Tampa Bay and New York – and added seven assists to finish with 69 points on the season.
She also said that there would be as many as three more singles after " Bounce It " from the album.
More recent work has included structural studies on the enzymes involved in oxidative phosphorylation by John E. Walker , with Walker and Boyer being awarded a Nobel Prize in 1997 ..
On 7 June , principally on the evidence of Keeler , Gordon was found guilty and sentenced to three years ' imprisonment.
William Trevor , writing in The Listener , was dismissive of the work , thinking that " Bond continues to behave with so little originality that neither Templar nor Drummond , Marlowe nor Nick Charles , would have paused to waste a pellet on him " ; he continued , saying that " this present work is once again a fantasy for grown @-@ up children , neither as clever nor exciting as the early thrillers of Edgar Wallace or the boys adventure stories of fifty years ago.
The barn was briefly in royal ownership but passed into the hands of three families who continued to use it for agricultural purposes until as late as the 1970s.
" Lisa McPherson was a Scientologist who died in 1995 under controversial circumstances.
I had never done a big film before , I had never been the lead in a film before and any advice anyone wanted to give me , I was more than willing to take.
However , on the road to Syria , Izz al @-@ Dawla became convinced by Abu Taghlib , the Hamdanid ruler of Mosul , to go fight again against his cousin.
At 23 : 00 that day , a heavy artillery and mortar bombardment started , followed by a Partisan attack that quickly overran the Home Guard outposts and engaged the divisional units in heavy fighting.
In a note found among his papers , Longacre wrote that his task was to make the coin as easy as possible to distinguish from the quarter eagle , which at $ 2 @.@ 50 was close in value.
He was an innovator in cue construction , cue finishes and cue design.
The British Columbia coroner 's office investigated the incident.
In 2016 , the singer performed the song along with " Can 't Stop the Feeling ! " during the interval act of the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 grand finale ..
There are in fact several known endgames where it is theoretically possible to force a mate but which require more than 50 moves before the pawn move or capture is made ; examples include some endgames with two knights against a pawn and some pawnless endgames such as queen against two bishops.
Users may save and modify up to 18 ten @-@ second sound clips.
Directed by John Kahrs , Paperman utilized new software developed in house at the studio called Meander , which merges hand @-@ drawn and computer animation techniques within the same character to create a unique " hybrid.
This gives the sight parallax due to eye movement the size of the optical window at close range which diminishes to a minimal size at the set distance ( somewhere around a desired target range of 25 @-@ 50 yards ) ..
This is classically ( 40 % of the time ) a single , firm , painless , non @-@ itchy skin ulceration with a clean base and sharp borders between 0 @.@ 3 and 3 @.@ 0 cm in size.
Souness and Sammy Lee exchanged passes before passing to Craig Johnston on the right hand side of the pitch.
The Baden @-@ Powell memorabilia has since been moved to the headquarters for Scouting in the UK , Gilwell Park ..
Later in his life he rejected this theory , and instead proposed an alternative language @-@ game analogy.
The South African government admitted to fighting in the area , but said its troops fought SWAPO militants ..
Gainey joked , " if [ Kate 's ] not your type , you 're gay " , and began playing the character as such.
The tour featured about one hundred performers and supporters from the Greenwich Village folk scene , including T @-@ Bone Burnett , Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , Joni Mitchell , David Mansfield , Roger McGuinn , Mick Ronson , Joan Baez , and Scarlet Rivera , whom Dylan discovered walking down the street , her violin case on her back.
The question was whether statements the child 's parents allegedly made before their deaths could be introduced as evidence that the child had been born before their marriage and was thus illegitimate.
The song was also successful in Canada , where it peaked at number two on the Canadian Hot 100 , remaining at the position for five weeks ..
He suffered political embarrassment by flirting with U.S. Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin and making tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek comments about her.
At Survivor Series the following month , the twins were part of the victorious Team Total Divas.
Tyson was perplexed as to why the ship could not see them 8 miles ( 13 km ) distant , a group of men and supplies waving a dark colored flag in a sea of white.
While small calves stay with their mothers , the older ones form groups of their own within the herd.
Silayev never forgave Pavlov and relations between the two grew even more icy when Pavlov became Soviet Premier ..
Dnestr radar ( Russian : <unk> ) and Dnepr radar ( Russian : <unk> ) , both known by the NATO reporting name Hen House are the first generation of Soviet space surveillance and early warning radars.
All of the compartments within the turrets were separated by <unk> bulkheads to prevent any flame or lethal gas from spreading throughout the turret.
Cena instead smashed Rowan ( who had gotten on the ring apron ) with the chair , so Wyatt capitalized by rolling him up for another near fall.
Temperatures were mild for that time of year , but the actors were still told to wear sunscreen and drink plenty of water.
The series also regularly employs guest voices for new characters.
For example , <unk> describes it as " the most popular poker tracking and analysis software available " and Party Poker describes PokerTracker as " the original and largest piece of poker tracking software ".
Ann Judge , also known as Ann Judge @-@ Wegener , became Thunder 's rider in 1998.
There was precedent for this ; under Veramendi , the capital had just been moved from Saltillo to Monclova.
The site was purchased by the government in 1978 and added to the then Anstey Hill Reserve.
A landing in the crater Copernicus was considered , but was ultimately rejected because Apollo 12 had already obtained samples from that impact , and three other Apollo expeditions had already visited the vicinity of Mare Imbrium.
The component of movement that is in the direction of the observer is called the radial velocity.
It remnant circulation hung about in the area for a few more days.
Aravan 's opinion enrages the proud and quick @-@ tempered Bhima , whose influence in deciding the outcome of the battle is covered at great length in the Mahabharata.
It is classified under inventory number 31 – 115.
" Indian Camp " is also about the fear of death.
Michael 's journey was a deliberate ruse.
On November 2 , 2012 , she performed " Your Body " on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon , alongside Jimmy Fallon and The Roots.
SMS Bayern was the lead ship of the Bayern class of battleships in the German Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial Navy ).
Stavans and Augenbraum called " Bidi Bidi Bom Bom " , " No Me Queda Más " , and " Techno Cumbia " to have been the " key hits of [ Amor Prohibido ] ".
The Syrian political and military leadership continued to press Nasser out of both sincere commitment to Arab nationalism and a realization that only unification with Egypt could prevent impending strife in the country due to increasing communist influence ..
Eastbourne ( pronunciation ) is a large town , seaside resort , and borough in the non @-@ metropolitan county of East Sussex on the south coast of England , 19 miles ( 31 km ) east of Brighton.
Signs on eastbound I @-@ 580 instruct travelers to take I @-@ 205 , SR 120 , and SR 99 to reach Modesto instead of using the direct , but non @-@ freeway , route SR 132.
The studies have established that the fastest rates of glacier rebound in the world are now taking place in the Glacier Bay region.
He negotiated with the Neath Canal , who gave him permission to build a lock into the river from their canal , either at Giant 's Grave or Court Sart pill , but working canal boats across a tidal river would not have been ideal , and he did not build the lock ..
The species first appeared in the scientific literature in 1786 as Agaricus amanitae by August Johann Georg Karl Batsch ; Agaricus amanitae subsp. cirrhatus , proposed by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1800 , is considered synonymous.
Morales ' inauguration took place on January 22 in La Paz.
" His playing technique is mostly centred around <unk> , with occasional use of plucking to mute the strings , which he says " adds more definition and tightens up the notes , and it gives the sound less sustain " ..
The function of ARDU was to test aircraft from local and overseas manufacturers , evaluating whether they were suitable for acquisition by the RAAF.
To avoid delaying trains on the vital freight line , a prefabricated concrete arch was jacked into the embankment , 2 feet ( 0 @.@ 61 m ) at a time , over 12 days.
The Romans conquered much of the Levant in 63 BC , inaugurating a period of Roman rule that lasted for four centuries.
The new carriers being built were redesigned to incorporate only two flight deck elevators and new firefighting equipment.
While Skybolt 's development would be terminated , Victor B.2s were retrofitted as carrier aircraft for the Blue Steel standoff nuclear missile.
These surfaces and the relatively impermeable silt and clay soils that underlie the area contribute to rapid runoff and low <unk> in the creek and its tributaries.
" Lacey also said that the album would " move into new territory for Brand New " ..
That 's how it works , I can 't continue , so Erin comes in and picks up the baton.
The name of his Roman counterpart Mercury was thought in antiquity to share its derivation with the Latin word <unk> , " goods , merchandise.
For The Search for Spock , ILM were brought in much earlier , meaning that visual effects supervisor Ken Ralston and his team were involved from the planning stages.
International Speedway Corporation president Joie Chitwood III said that track officials abided by standard procedures when clearing the track , " The team was prepared.
Women in Roman times valued long hair , usually with a center part.
On March 7 , Michigan concluded its regular season with a 64 – 48 loss to Michigan State.
That September , he began ushering at Loew 's State Theater.
In 1875 he created the enduring everyman character of Zé Povinho.
Kierkegaard 's Papers first edition VIII ( 2 ) , B 81 - 89 explain this method in writing.
From 1938 , he was the chess correspondent for The Times , succeeded in 1945 by Harry Golombek ..
In 2005 , and in 2008 , Green Pine detected and tracked similar drills of Syrian <unk> ..
Those praising the work included George Hillard in the North American Review , George Ticknor Curtis in the Christian Examiner , Joseph Cogswell in the Methodist Quarterly , as well as the Dean of St. Paul 's , Henry Hart Milman ..
Entering international play in 1954 , the Soviet national team under the tutelage of Anatoli Tarasov started to dominate the international competitions , and won nine consecutive championships in the 1960s.
For Red and Yellow lines <unk> has supplied signalling system and for line Green and <unk> Bombardier Transportation has supplied <unk> 350 signalling system ..
In deposit , the spores are bright yellowish orange.
The Perpendicular Gothic cloister is entered from the cathedral through a Norman doorway in the north aisle.
I am of opinion that by the terms and spirit of the statute under which this proceeding has been had , no other than the district attorney of the county of Genesee ( in which the lands intruded upon are situated ) could regularly be a relator.
In early 1863 , Booth was arrested in St. Louis while on a theatre tour , when he was heard saying he " wished the President and the whole damned government would go to hell.
Pill railway station was a railway station on the Portishead Branch Line , 7 @.@ 8 miles ( 12 @.@ 6 km ) west of Bristol Temple Meads , serving the village of Pill in North Somerset , England.
They need to defeat the Mother Ship to free the prisoners.
The scholar Michael Rutter in 1974 studied the importance of distinguishing between the consequences of attachment deprivation upon intellectual retardation in children and lack of development in the emotional growth in children.
On 18 December , nine of the transports reached the bay , accompanied by two men @-@ of @-@ war , with another seven arriving on 20 December.
At around 04 : 00 on 5 July , the German attack commenced with a preliminary bombardment.
The orchestral scene in Paris in the 1920s had been adversely affected by the " deputy " system , whereby any contracted orchestral player was at liberty , if a better engagement became available , to send a deputy to a rehearsal or even to a concert.
Galton and Upchurch ( 2004 ) found that cranial characteristics ( such as jaw articulation ) of most basal sauropodomorphs are closer to those of herbivorous reptiles than those of carnivorous ones , and the shape of the tooth crown is similar to those of modern herbivorous or omnivorous iguanas.
The A.V. Club 's Nathan Rabin opined that premiere episodes " tend to be 30 Rock 's Achilles Heel.
Melissa Locker , also writing for Time magazine , suggested that Beyoncé should work with Timbaland more often as " his sultry beats paired with her R @-@ rated lyrics and the catchy chorus ' It took 45 minutes to get all dressed up / And we ain ’ t even gonna make it to this club ' , make a captivating combination ".
At 07 : 00 , 192 B @-@ 26 Marauder medium bombers arrived over the battlefield but finding it obscured by cloud only 87 aircraft were able to drop their bombs , totalling 133 long tons ( 135 t ).
These kings are known to have employed many Muslims in their army and court , some of whom may have been Muslim architects.
Deans of the school in recent years include David R. <unk> ( 1994 – 1996 interim ) , Robert M. Ackerman ( 1996 – 1999 ) , and Symeon <unk> ( 1999 to 2011 ).
Lessons had a significant effect on the development of children 's literature in Britain and the United States.
Gerke ordered his men to withdraw gradually , moving one vehicle at a time back along the road , as those that remained provided covering fire.
In total , throughout the war Armenians brought down 28 Azerbaijani warplanes and 19 military helicopters ..
It was viewed by 15 @.@ 86 million viewers.
During one performance the scenery mechanism failed , which forced him to improvise for the first time.
Local oligarchs had vied among themselves for centuries over power.
These exercises , which stimulates the heart with vital air and fire , lead to the perception of light internally and externally.
She wanted the song to have superficial pop lyrics about sexuality and religion , but a different meaning underneath which she believed could provoke a reaction from her listeners.
Early on July 31 , the storm began to re @-@ strengthen while entering the eastern Gulf of Mexico ..
<unk> to a priest , Father Blakey ( William Osborne ) , Margaret pledges vengeance for Victor 's death , vowing " If they ever find the bastard who was at the wheel of that car I swear I 'll kill him , with my bare hands if I have to , and they can do what they like with me " ..
" Her biographers insist that the move was more complex ; she was devoted to a programme of women 's empowerment and anti @-@ communism.
In The Ethics of Liberty , Rothbard advocates for a " frankly retributive theory of punishment " or a system of " a tooth ( or two teeth ) for a tooth ".
Later that year , Lynn joined Marvin Gaye 's Midnight Love Tour as a backup vocalist.
Reflecting on Bacon 's tendency to revisit subject matter , Meades observed that " Bacon 's auto @-@ plagiarism in areas other than portraiture had less deleterious consequences.
In 1934 , he became an instructor at the Staff College , Camberley.
If liquid water is present in Triton , it has been speculated that this could make it habitable for some form of life ..
Michigan State 's win against Texas gave the Big Ten half of the nation 's first six victories over top five teams.
He had four hits and four RBI in a 14 – 6 victory over the Giants on July 15.
The monster of the week , an alien stowing away in a Russian cosmonaut 's body , isn 't all that scary or even malevolent ( it 's just trying to stay alive by feeding on radiation ).
The quake struck near the eastern periphery of the Guerrero seismic gap , which extends from Acapulco to Ixtapa – Zihuatanejo and contains enough seismic energy to generate an earthquake of up to magnitude 7 @.@ 5 , but it did not cause the gap to rupture.
Cochrane then deals with four possible objections.
The number of fee @-@ paying international students increased sharply in the late 1990s , with more than 20 @,@ 000 studying in public tertiary institutions in 2002 ..
It peaked at number six and stayed fifteen weeks on the chart.
James R. Hughes claims that the so @-@ called " Karabakh clan " ( i.e. Robert Kocharyan and Serzh Sargsyan ) was " kept in check " by Vazgen Sargsyan and his " military @-@ security apparatus , " while after the parliament shooting it came out to be the sole influential group able to successfully take over the political scene in Armenia.
It opened on 14 January 2011 in the United Kingdom.
However , he described Beyoncé as " a woman who can make a club feel like a coliseum ".
Murray and the Royal Society argued for a largely civilian expedition , directed and staffed by scientists , while Markham and most of the RGS contingent saw a National Antarctic Expedition as a means of reviving naval glories , and wanted the expedition organised accordingly.
Two months later , the album was released physically via <unk>.
The first portion of what is now known as I @-@ 70 to be completed across West Virginia was the Fort Henry Bridge across the main channel of the Ohio River , built in 1955.
SR @-@ 101 starts at an intersection of Main Street and SR @-@ 23 ( Center Street ).
A warm spot formed in the center of the convection , and the MFR estimated peak winds of 85 km / h ( 50 mph ) on January 6.
As he walked through the streets to join other spectators in his party , he was greeted with cheers and calls of " Vive le Ministre ! " ( " Long live the Minister ! " ) from admiring onlookers ..
Elegant wrought iron balconies and bow windows were also fashionable.
The album was an international success , selling eight million copies worldwide as of 2006.
Gaga performed " Teeth " during The Monster Ball Tour.
He later dropped it to Tyler Gates , before regaining it on May 11.
The player 's craft has a limited amount of armour , which is depleted as the helicopter is hit by enemy fire.
Analysts believe that the market will evolve to support a smaller number of titles each year , averaging at a " healthy " value $ 500 – 600 million in revenues annually.
The sudden reversal of Chrétien 's long @-@ standing position on the issue , along with Chrétien 's wan complexion and atypically nervous appearance , sparked considerable comment.
The bachelor auction was created solely to provide more evidence that Apu is the best bachelor in Springfield.
" Doherty also named Frank an " old favourite " of the series.
Shun 's greatest patronage of scholarship was repairing the now dilapidated Imperial University in 131 CE , which still operated as a pathway for young gentrymen to enter civil service.
When they disrespect her authority , Wildberry Princess ( Maria Bamford ) orders Finn and Jake to be arrested and for their money to be seized and melted down.
Speculation by Motography states that Mack 's " contribution to the screen drama was probably prompted by the distressing Ruth Cruger mystery , which was so cleverly solved by Mrs. Grace <unk> , and follows very closely many of the phases of drama in real life that shocked the world.
Beryllium captures alpha particles and emits neutrons owing to its large cross @-@ section for the ( α , n ) nuclear reaction :.
The text , which also survives in slightly different versions , included a brief analysis of the international scene.
Additionally , they owned 68 percent of the top 300 conglomerates and nine of the top ten private sector groups at the end of 1993.
The vessel sailed for the Morgan Line , the brand name of the Southern Pacific Steamship Company ( a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Railroad ) , which employed her to carry cargo and a limited number of passengers between New York ; New Orleans , the eastern terminus of the Southern Pacific line ; and Galveston , Texas ..
Throughout the war , nearly 2 @,@ 000 Jews sought refuge in Albania @-@ proper.
The Treasury Department eventually determined that the United States Coast Guard simply did not have the ships to constitute a successful patrol.
Wendy Richard has indicated that both she and show creator , Julia Smith , had always intended for Pauline to become like her mother , and former EastEnders executive producer John Yorke has commented on the importance of the lineage between the two characters : " [ Pauline ] endures , stoically and heroically , whatever life may throw at her , just as her mother did before her.
Diaby , subsequently , started every remaining match , including the championship match against England.
Ice blocks float in the inlet and it is quite hazardous for boating or kayaking ; both activities have to be done with great caution.
During the first ten games of the season , Bellevue averaged 11 yards per rush.
The ambitious new leader of the conservatives , Thucydides ( not to be confused with the historian of the same name ) , accused Pericles of profligacy , criticizing the way he spent the money for the ongoing building plan.
Early explorers , including Jacques Cartier and numerous ships attempting to find gold on Baffin Island , were not provisioned with food for the journey home , and therefore used this species as both a convenient food source and bait for fishing.
Jerry Robinson came to me with a playing card of the Joker.
Remains of Batrachotomus have been found in southern Germany , mainly in the <unk> fossil locality in northern Baden @-@ Württemberg.
Writing for NY Daily News , Eric Mink gave the episode a mixed review.
The music video for " The Hardest Part " was shot on 3 March 2006 in St. Petersburg , Florida.
Robert Christgau was less impressed , accusing Madonna of pandering to the " lowest common denominator " of young listeners with ambiguous lyrics and over @-@ promotion.
Carter also drew inspiration from his friend John E. Mack 's survey of American beliefs in ufology , which indicated that three percent of the population believed they had been abducted by aliens.
Built in the early English style , there are two stained glass windows , added in 1874 , and the north aisle was completed in 1903 by J Potts and Son.
Before his death he received the blessing of his confessor , Father Szymon <unk> ( <unk> , <unk> ) of the Society of Jesus , who stood fearlessly at his side ( 7 October ).
The title of the episode refers both to Bayliss and Howard seeking to quit smoking , and to the hazardous asbestos being removed from the squad room.
When a majority of the members of Emory 's board of trustees threatened to withdraw their support of the college because of the negative publicity , the newly installed college president , James E. Dickey , demanded Sledd 's resignation from the faculty , and Sledd resigned on August 9 , 1902.
There are some dams and ditches to support irrigation , but they are in a poor condition.
One cycle of the ride lasts about 2 minutes and 22 seconds ..
In the match Constantine was involved in an incident over short @-@ pitched bowling.
Races were planned for the middle of the Formula One season , when the championship remained in Europe for several months.
The eastern green mamba ( Dendroaspis angusticeps ) , also known as the common mamba , East African green mamba , green mamba , or white @-@ mouthed mamba , is a large and highly venomous tree @-@ dwelling snake species of the mamba genus Dendroaspis.
The tidal range is 2 @.@ 9 metres ( 9 @.@ 5 ft ) , and ocean swells of 5 metres ( 16 ft ) frequently occur , which can make landings difficult or impossible at any time of year.
Snodgrass cites many predictable elements , including the core " confrontation between an overconfident male and an assertive girl @-@ woman ".
Across the country , several pro @-@ reform " political unions " were formed , made up of both middle and working class individuals.
Stewie , having witnessed his deed , begins to toy with Brian 's guilt , eventually driving him to a state where he decides to confess to " murder ".
In several minnow species , males develop swollen heads and small bumps known as breeding tubercles during the breeding season.
He was awarded the Segrave Trophy for his services in 1978.
US 15 in Frederick is a subject of the I @-@ 270 / US 15 Multi @-@ Modal Corridor Study , which encompasses the corridor of the two highways from I @-@ 270 's interchange with Shady Grove Road in Montgomery County to north of US 15 's intersection with Biggs Ford Road north of Frederick.
This dance imitates the floppy movements of the lead cartoon character as seen in the 1988 film Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
She was hit with dummy bombs from aircraft and explosive charges were set off at the positions where the bombs hit.
The crew probably put too much emphasis on the indications displayed by the GPS.
She was launched on 1 December of that year , and completed in 1907.
The specific crime was alleged to be a plot to hand over Eleanor of Brittany , then held at Corfe Castle , to King Louis IX of France.
On 29 December , Joan and her family were ennobled by Charles VII as a reward for her actions ..
It was certified quintuple @-@ platinum in Australia , and double @-@ platinum in New Zealand , Spain and the US ..
A predator which has previously eaten a poisonous lepidopteran may avoid other species with similar markings in the future , thus saving many other species , as well.
As Winge already noted , the front margin of the zygomatic plate hardly extends forward before the antorbital bridge , which connects the plate to the body of the skull.
In 2005 , the first part of the Asker Line opened between Sandvika and Asker , with new double track running parallel to the old Drammen Line , allowing quicker travel times to Asker.
The soldiers who fought with Clark also received smaller tracts of land.
The series revolves around its two main characters , which had been defined early in conception as the " believer " and the " skeptic ".
There , he was on a contract to supply troops stationed in the aftermath of the suppression of the North @-@ West Rebellion.
The Bilogora , Papuk and Krndija Mountains consist mostly of Paleozoic rocks which are 300 – 350 million years old , while the Dilj consists of much more recent Neogene rocks , 2 – 18 million years old.
But to meet them and actually play with them and contribute and help them win is kind of a surreal experience.
Finally and most significantly , they disagreed over proper future use of air power which Trenchard judged as being vital in preventing a repeat of the strategic stalemate which had occurred along the Western Front.
In contrast to often colorless and orthodox politicians , Bo gained the reputation as a party boss that " got things done.
However , in December he admitted that the club 's off @-@ the @-@ field issues were a cause of concern for him and that he was being " kept very much in the dark.
Guttorm Sigurdsson ( Old Norse : <unk> Sigurðarson ; 1199 – 11 August 1204 ) was the King of Norway from January to August 1204 , during the Norwegian civil war era.
This region resembles lowland terrain hundreds of miles north in Canada.
At the turn of the 20th century , Penn State had developed a national reputation for its engineering curriculum , but industrial engineering was only beginning to emerge as an academic discipline.
Months after its release and after " Smells Like Teen Spirit " garnered airplay , print media organizations were " scrambling " to cover the phenomenon the album had become.
Benzema opened the scoring in the 11th minute , but his goal was cancelled out by Steven Fletcher in the second half.
After the war he spent seven years in the Sahara desert , and then travelled through Asia.
Following the announcement , Collins and several key legislators held a series of meetings in every county , advocating for her proposed changes and seeking information about what types of changes the state 's citizens desired.
This field force was divided into two armies : The Northern Army which stretched from the North @-@ West Frontier to Bengal with five divisions and three brigades under command and the Southern Army which stretched from Baluchistan to southern India and it in turn had four divisions under command and two formations outside the subcontinent.
The BSAC sought to further expand its influence north of the Zambezi , and to that end regularly sent expeditions into what was dubbed North @-@ Eastern Rhodesia to negotiate concessions with local rulers and found settlements ..
Rupani also noted Derulo 's continuation of past themes , " as he tries to romance the ladies with his cheesy lyrics but also keep the guys dancing in the clubs with the beats " ..
However , Reyes says she can 't call Doggett since it is about him.
" Malcom enjoyed Sue 's character development in the episode , claiming that , " In less skilled hands , there ’ s no doubt Sue would be an over @-@ the @-@ top disaster.
Meanwhile , the road bridge at Anju , 5 kilometres ( 3 @.@ 1 mi ) east , was also found to be damaged by ROK 1st Division when it entered the town.
A couple of Yoko 's ideas that were cut out or rejected during development included a fully contemporary setting with a school @-@ girl protagonist , and calling the game Drakengard 4 instead of Drakengard 3 , with the story revolving around searching for the missing installment in the series.
Chotiner served as liaison between the White House and Republican organizations in 31 states.
Audie Leon Murphy ( 20 June 1925 – 28 May 1971 ) was one of the most decorated American combat soldiers of World War II , receiving every military combat award for valor available from the U.S. Army , as well as French and Belgian awards for heroism.
It contains the only known wild population of the Lord Howe Island stick insect , formerly thought to be extinct.
It was cool to feel like Blink had a dangerous side , " Barker later remembered.
The business loop runs along the southern edge of Muskegon Heights and then turns northward near the Roosevelt Park city line.
The color and pattern of the yellow stingray varies significantly among individuals , though most follow one of two schemes : minute dark green or brown reticulations on a light background , or dense white , yellow , or golden spots on a dark green or brown background.
A subsidiary was created in Japan and offices were established in Korea in 1999.
The first half belongs to the murders of Berti ; the second to those of Neal.
Urbain Dubois and Émile Bernard , both of whom had been employed at Polish aristocratic courts , presented borscht to the French public as a Polish soup ; their cookbook , La cuisine classique , published in 1856 , contains a borscht recipe under the descriptive name , potage au jus de <unk> à la polonaise ( " Polish @-@ style beet @-@ juice soup " ) , which had been changed to potage <unk> à la polonaise by the third edition in 1868.
Armed with a main battery of ten 10 @.@ 5 cm ( 4 @.@ 1 in ) guns and two 45 cm ( 18 in ) torpedo tubes , Undine was capable of a top speed of 21 @.@ 5 knots ( 39 @.@ 8 km / h ; 24 @.@ 7 mph ) ..
Tobacco smokers are two times more likely to develop Crohn 's disease than nonsmokers.
The race was run on the Urban Road Cycling Course ( one of Beijing 's nine temporary venues ) , which was 102 @.@ 6 km ( 63 @.@ 8 mi ) in its entirety.
Manuel maintained the city 's defence with some success , even though the besiegers managed to undermine and collapse one of its towers , until the lack of food became acute.
Before her appearance at the contest , Kalomoira went on a promotional tour , singing " Secret Combination " in several Eurovision countries.
Cowie sacked Knighton late in the 1980 – 81 season , leaving caretaker manager Mick Docherty in charge to steer the club out of the First Division relegation zone.
Shortly after moving inland , Raymond weakened to a tropical depression and quickly transitioned into an extratropical cyclone over Arizona in the Southwest United States.
Hooker subsequently designed a new air intake duct with improved flow characteristics which increased maximum power at a higher altitude of over 19 @,@ 000 ft ( 5 @,@ 800 m ) ; and also improved the design of both the impeller , and the diffuser which controlled the airflow to it.
Marge suggests that the city use the money to fix Main Street , which is in poor condition.
Among the proposed reforms was the replacement of burning at the stake with hanging , but , mainly through the objections of various interested parties , none of the commission 's proposals made it into law during the Rump Parliament.
The story ends with Batman retrieving the god @-@ killing bullet used to kill Orion , setting up its use in " Final Crisis ".
In late 1909 , all six ships crossed the Atlantic to visit British and French ports.
The name " Witham " seems to be extremely old and of unknown origin.
The various courts under the House of Bourbon and the Kingdom of Portugal ( under the House of Braganza ) had exerted strong pressure on the Holy See to suppress this order through almost the whole of his pontificate.
Because of this , the concept embodied in the tornada has been found in other Romance language literatures that can directly trace several of their techniques from the Occitan lyric tradition.
San Francisco had long sought to dam the Tuolumne River in Yosemite National Park to create a reservoir that would assure a steady flow of water to the city.
" Loca " was Shakira 's eighteenth top 10 single on the Hot Latin Songs chart , making her the third @-@ ranking female artist with the highest number of top 10 singles on the chart , behind Gloria Estefan and Ana Gabriel ..
Ben Arfa scored the equaliser in a 2 – 1 away win at Loftus Road from the penalty spot as Newcastle confirmed their Premier League status for the next season ..
The modern breed is said to be able to trace its lineage back to a single female , named Splinter II ..
his accomplishments were staggering : Confederation above all , but almost as important , if not more so , extending the country across the continent by a railway that was , objectively , a fiscal and economic insanity ... On the ledger 's other side , he was responsible for the CPR scandal , the execution of Louis Riel , and for the head tax on Chinese workers.
Lincoln expanded on the conspiracy theories , writing his own books on the subject , and inspiring and presenting three BBC Two Chronicle documentaries between 1972 and 1979 about the alleged mysteries of the Rennes @-@ le @-@ Château area.
Only the top two finishers in each trials event qualified for the 2012 U.S. Olympic Team , and as a result , Torres concluded her Olympic career.
Peter Carruthers has put forth one such potential adaptive advantage gained by conscious creatures by suggesting that consciousness allows an individual to make distinctions between appearance and reality.
By the next year , the northern end of the highway near Posen was moved to eliminate several zig @-@ zagging segments of roadway from the routing ; M @-@ 65 ran due north to terminate at US 23 after the change.
The abbot was accused of " wasting the house 's resources , nepotism , relations with women " and other matters , while the prior admitted to " fornication and lapses in the observation of the Rule ".
My songs were pretty horrendous to begin with.
Thomas originally considered it a relative of the genus Redunca due to similarities in the morphology of horns , and placed it under the genus <unk>.
In some of the less reality @-@ based episodes , i.e. the Beer Baron one – usually Swartzwelder 's , we 'd treat this stricture with a certain amount of latitude.
The Germanic guard , stricken with grief and rage , responded with a rampaging attack on the assassins , conspirators , innocent senators and bystanders alike ..
Oxford won by four @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths in a time of 20 minutes 23 seconds , for their second victory in eight years ..
In the ending cutscene , Keil and the dragon enter the tower.
Reid and McLaren came up with the notion of selling the record in a completely wordless , featureless black sleeve.
" On 4 April , Al @-@ Wasat resumed publishing under the supervision of two Iraqi editors.
The next year , US 33 was extended northward along US 31 from St. Joseph for about 10 miles ( 16 km ) ..
He was 18 years old at the Battle of Barnet , his first major engagement.
The album has sold over 779 @,@ 000 copies and has received a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ).
Casting director Lisa Beach saw Lillard in the hallway and asked him to audition for the part.
Timberlake 's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of D4 to the high note of A5.
The album was released on 29 September 2008 by Syco Music , Britain 's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell 's record label.
The Minister for Home Affairs also has power to order that a registered society be dissolved if it appears to him or her that , among other things , it is being used for unlawful purposes or for purposes " prejudicial to public peace , welfare or good order in Singapore ".
This role is rumored to have been played by Marty Jannetty ..
The loss of Kaga and the three other IJN carriers at Midway ( Hiryū was also sunk during the battle ) , with their aircraft and veteran pilots , was a crucial strategic defeat for Japan and contributed significantly to Japan 's ultimate defeat in the war ..
In a review by Gavin Koh published in a 2009 issue of The BMJ , Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management was labelled a medical classic.
Meanwhile , on 4 November , two companies from the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion , commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Evans Carlson landed by boat at Aola Bay , 40 miles ( 64 km ) east of Lunga Point.
The battleships ' propulsion system consisted of two vertical four @-@ cylinder triple expansion engines rated at 19 @,@ 299 to 21 @,@ 968 indicated horsepower ( 14 @,@ 391 to 16 @,@ 382 kW ).
On the twelfth night , Robert and the Number Devil receive an invitation ( which names the Number Devil as Teplotaxl ) to Number Heaven , as Robert 's time with the Number Devil has finished.
Omameh matriculated at Michigan as the lowest rated prospect in the 24 @-@ man entering class of 2008 according to Rivals.com. He also earned three varsity letters in track & field and one in basketball ..
The South Korean 6th Division later regrouped in positions behind 27th Brigade , but was now reduced to less than half its original strength.
Similarly , the redefinition did not differentiate between planets and brown dwarf stars.
In 1977 , she was convicted of the first @-@ degree murder of Foerster and of seven other felonies related to the shootout ..
Siddig was already well known as playing regular character Julian Bashir in Star Trek : Deep Space Nine.
The traditional view , going back to the 19th century , is that Niall was Donnchadh 's son.
In the early 16th century the Portuguese made commercial contacts with the town and established a commercial centre in 1554 CE.
The overall poor situation culminated in the Battle of Prozor fought between the HVO and the ARBiH.
It remained in use until the Coronation of Edward II in 1308 when the Fourth <unk> was first used , having been compiled over several preceding decades.
Facts later surfaced proving that , at the time of his entry , contrary to his declaration that he was single , he had been married to a woman who had entered the UK on the same flight but had been attended to by a different immigration officer and was granted indefinite leave to remain in the UK as a returning resident.
The route is part of the <unk> <unk> Byway to Space , which starts at MS 607 , travels on MS 604 , and ends at Stennis Space Center 's buffer zone near Pearlington ..
On March 19 , 1976 , the case was argued before the state supreme court.
Scenes of ninjas climbing up a rope hanging from top of the building are inter @-@ cut with scenes of Simpson dancing until the laboratory explodes.
Although he criticized the film 's " pedestrian " pace , <unk> praised Omori 's performance as well as the film 's cinematography and use of CGI.
They were too heavy and not weighted properly anyway ... It is virtually impossible to get a string puppet to walk convincingly on film unless it is a very caricatured puppet.
Spears recorded the vocals at <unk> Studios in Berlin , Germany.
He has also said Vladislav started his preparations in early 2006 , " some time between February and April " , that he " travelled to London , walked everywhere , and studied everything.
In their book Who is the Doctor , Graeme Burk and Robert Smith described Adam in " Dalek " as " somewhat annoying ".
" In 2010 , the band severed its partnership with Independiente and later negotiated a contract agreement with Cooking Vinyl ..
This practice was declared forbidden in 1498 by a papal bull , but it continued long past the date , being a reason of various mass poisonings up to late 18th century.
Maris and Roberta Williams collaborated a great deal from the beginning of the process , with Maris explaining what he wanted in each scene from a filmmaker 's perspective , and Williams explaining her desires from a game designer 's perspective.
The dead could not be brought to a church so were buried in gardens and private land.
If successful , the pilot , titled " Into Infinity " , would be followed by additional episodes – the series itself to be named The Day After Tomorrow.
Making a diplomatic visit in Liberia , Mayo arranged a treaty between the <unk> and the Grebo tribes.
Later , he co @-@ wrote The United States in Vietnam ( Kahin & Lewis 1969 ) with Stanford professor John Lewis , a publication which helped to turn people in academia against U.S. intervention in Vietnam.
RAF Fighter Command also threw in fighter @-@ bombers to try and inflict damage , operating Hawker Hurricanes over the Dover area ..
Kersal Moor is an area of moorland spanning 8 hectares ( 20 acres ) in Kersal ; it is a local nature reserve and a Site of Biological Importance.
Each of the three sabre squadrons works on a three @-@ year training and operational cycle , although the system is flexible and can be accelerated or varied depending on operational requirements and deployments.
The equivalent statistics for the 18 @.@ 5 @-@ caliber , 6 @.@ 4 @-@ inch gun were 9 @,@ 110 pounds ( 4 @,@ 130 kg ) with 80 @-@ pound bolts and 64 @-@ pound ( 29 kg ) shells.
According to Michael Benton , " it seems clear then that stasis is common , and that had not been predicted from modern genetic studies.
The process of selecting a third jury consumed a year and a half.
Gerald Villoria at GameSpy called the episodes well structured and stronger than the ones in first game , and called the dialogue sharp.
Then , when the list of deserters grows , they put on long faces , and say , ' it must be those wicked officers.
Although he hated to fly , at some indeterminate point , he visited the training camps of every team and lectured on the danger gamblers posed to the league ..
He chronicled his health struggles and how he overcame them in his 2012 book How I Got My Wiggle Back ..
Jumping Flash ! was developed by Japanese developers Exact ( Excellent Application Create Team ) and Ultra.
Overall , Amertil ranked tenth out of fifty athletes.
Brown opened his campaign with a speech at Bowling Green on August 26 , 1899.
An estimated $ 80 million worth of property was damaged , and Debs was found guilty of contempt of court for violating the injunction and sent to federal prison ..
As completed , the ship was protected with 3 @.@ 25 inches ( 83 mm ) of belt armor which increased to 5 inches ( 130 mm ) around the magazines.
Stevenson had ascended to the governorship on the death of John L. Helm , and had no lieutenant governor.
McKinley cast his ballot early , going with his brother Abner to the polling place , and met Hanna for lunch.
Wellens moved into the overall lead , 1 ' 03 " ahead of Van Avermaet , with Kelderman dropping to third ..
On Friday , the film opened at the number one spot at the American and Canadian box office with $ 25 @.@ 7 million.
While heading south down river , the airplane was seen to be behind the sightseeing helicopter , which was going about half as fast.
She is shown preparing to graduate from high school and is studying for her college application exams , hoping to move away from home to enjoy a normal campus life and find a boyfriend.
Original plans were for a stone bridge and later iterations were for a wrought iron structure.
On 17 January 1865 , Canonicus , towed by the steam sloop @-@ of @-@ war Tuscarora , was ordered to join the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron and arrived at Charleston on 19 January.
This soon extended to one week , and many of the volunteers were housed in the homes of embassy staff before being evacuated by a US Air Force plane.
A victory at the Memorial van Damme in 9 @.@ 79 seconds earned him the first Diamond Race Trophy for the 100 m ..
Although initially forecast to continue to the west @-@ northwest , Francelia slowed and turned to the west @-@ southwest on September 1 due to a ridge to its north.
Dumouriez , who became a military adviser to the Confederates , at the time described him as " spontaneous , more proud than ambitious , friend of the prince of Courland , enemy of the Potocki family , brave and honest " as well as popular among other commanders.
While a textual da capo is impossible , Bach composed a musical da capo , giving the movement a structure of ABB 'A '.
When Lisa started saying " Bart " repeatedly , Bart replies " Suffering <unk> ! " which is Sylvester the Cat 's catchphrase ..
Sarnia is a city in Southwestern Ontario , Canada , and had a 2011 population of 72 @,@ 366.
On 21 July 1951 her one @-@ act opera , Benedick and Beatrice , was performed at Dartington , to mark her departure ..
And yet , you want to devour the next episode immediately.
It was renamed to Arbeideren in 1923 , and in the same year it was taken over by the Norwegian Communist Party.
That seemed strange to me , as though white sex was cleaner than black sex.
The advance entailed moving the battalion across approximately 1 @,@ 300 metres ( 1 @,@ 400 yd ) of open ground , while under the direct observation of German forces on high ground to the east of Proyart.
The Belgians participated at the instigation of German @-@ Belgian FIFA vice @-@ president Rodolphe <unk> ..
Its structure was rooted in the history of the slave plantation : slaves would " shout " lines from poems and stories great distances across fields in unison , creating a natural beat.
According to this view , * o and * u were pharyngealized to / ɔ / and / ʊ / , then * y and * ø were velarized to / u / and / o /.
In 1971 , U.S. President Richard Nixon gave the keynote address at the States Dinner ; Secretary of Transportation and Knight John Volpe was responsible for this first appearance of a U.S. President at a Supreme Council gathering.
" Watt commented later that the remix was a " nightmare " and " totally worse than the Ethan James mix.
However , <unk> Ruwe , a scholar of 18th @-@ century children 's literature , has pointed out that An Easy Introduction is not entirely a conservative text — it challenges 18th @-@ century notions of the proper roles for women laid out in conduct manuals such as those written by John Gregory and James Fordyce.
Gilly and Steph eventually get married beside the village river ..
377 retained this livery for a few years afterwards.
In October , additional skin cancer cells were detected on his nose and removed ..
The M @-@ group were built by CNT at Monfalcone between March 1914 and March 1916.
The two Milwaukee @-@ class ships bombarded Fort Morgan for about an hour and a half while the wooden ships passed through the mouth of Mobile Bay ; Winnebago beginning at 07 : 15 even though her forward turret was still jammed in place.
With respect to religious affairs , the city houses central offices for the Reformed Diocese of Transylvania , the Unitarian Diocese and an Evangelical Lutheran Church Diocese ( all of which train their clergy at the Protestant Theological Institute of Cluj ).
Some local newspaper accounts of the suit suggested that " Walker and Lyons were troublemakers stirring a ' political and social racket.
Simon was a regular poker player , and Texas hold ' em in particular.
To achieve something , there must be a driving force and that could be jealousy which you term as negative " ..
In April 1972 he travelled to New York City for an international conference on the strip cartoon , and there presented Mayor John Lindsay with a cartoon of Tintin visiting the city and also met with the pop artist Andy Warhol.
Males had a median income of $ 42 @,@ 693 and females had a median income of $ 34 @,@ 795.
You really wouldn 't want it to be any longer.
Piozzi described Smart 's general situation : " He was both a wit and a scholar , and visited as such while under confinement for <unk>.
Christians must be sensitive to the " weaker brother " , that is , the Christian who believes imbibing to be a sin.
As such , it was the first time bolts were used for climbing in Norway ..
" It was not that her sisters loved their mother any less , " recalled her French tutor Pierre Gilliard , " but Tatiana knew how to surround her with <unk> attentions and never gave way to her own capricious impulses.
Laemmle replaced him with A. Edward Sutherland , who was best known for his work on comedies.
Thurso has history as a burgh of barony dating from 1633 when it was established by Charles I. In 1975 , under the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 , the local government burgh was merged into the Caithness district of the two @-@ tier Highland region.
He went on to say , " There is no doubt that yesterday 's quake is the largest Southern California has had in this century and is the largest to occur in this area since modern instruments were available.
The house and estate continued to be owned by the Leicester family until the death of Lt. Col. John Leicester Warren in 1975.
These successful tests with P @-@ series fuels were conducted on Ford Taurus and Dodge Caravan flexible @-@ fuel vehicles ..
Second , war was transposed to what Franklin calls " another key " — the struggle for global commercial and economic dominance.
The resulting film was Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome.
After returning to active service for about a year , she was decommissioned in June 1922.
Isabel <unk> , wife to the chief of the Argentine Naval Commission , sponsored Moreno.
The tunnel entrance is directly across the rotunda from the street entrance — a portion of which is now used as the kitchen for a brewpub housed inside the station.
Lopez ' core audience was Mexicans , and she became the first female Tejano singer to appear on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart in October 1986.
The first @-@ look teaser of 36 seconds was unveiled on 27 March 2013.
Warwick had planned for Edward to marry a French princess — Bona of Savoy — to create an alliance between the two countries.
Harrison wrote " Try Some , Buy Some " during sessions for All Things Must Pass , his successful 1970 triple album , also co @-@ produced by Spector.
The main colours of the Adelaide Rams were red and blue , although there was yellow in their emblem to reflect South Australia 's traditional sporting colours.
The nectar was consumed by indigenous people.
While being capital of Silla , Gyeongju was called Seorabeol.
The site chosen is generally in reed beds , <unk> or low bushes close to large lakes or other extensive wetlands.
He 's a space marine in really cool green armor.
However , the Apple Camera Connection Kit accessory provides two dock connector adapters for importing photos and videos via USB and SD memory cards ..
Following this , the Australians established a workable radar system to provide early warning.
Through an ingenious strategy , Maurice secured the marriage of Somerled to the daughter of the King of Mann and the Isles , thus greatly increasing Somerled ’ s territories.
Before the season ended , McLean signed a five @-@ year contract extension that included the 1994 – 95 season , worth an approximate $ 2 @.@ 4 million per season , on April 5 , 1995.
On November 17 , the team opened the Progressive Legends Classic at home against Bucknell.
Twenty @-@ two Belleville boilers provided steam to the engines at a pressure of 15 atm ( 1 @,@ 520 kPa ; 220 psi ).
This bird is also featured in a variety of other media.
The accompanying music video for " Diva " was shot downtown Los Angeles on November 22 , 2008 , and was directed by Melina Matsoukas , who worked with Beyoncé for several music videos.
Maximum deformation occurred during the late Miocene , with the formation of tectonic highs and lows.
Following the race , Johnson became the Drivers ' championship with 5 @,@ 503.
However , males actually mate after the age of four to five years.
Smith wrote the first part as a twenty @-@ year @-@ old , and sought to keep it set in Mel 's teenage point of view when typing it out as someone older than forty.
At Daphne 's workplace , Megan , Detective Bud Morris ( John Carroll Lynch ) , and Peter Dunlop ( Nicholas Bishop ) tell the employees of Daphne 's death.
By 1923 , the fate of the area had still not been decided , prompting Lithuanian forces to invade in January 1923 and seize the port.
Kościuszko 's organs remain there to this day ; a large memorial stone was erected in 1820 , next to a Polish memorial chapel.
Some remaining factions sought peaceful means of struggle , while other groups fled across the border to Kuomintang bases in the Yunnan province of China , where they received arms and training.
Andranik agreed to such a proposal and on 23 December 1918 , a group of Armenian leaders met in a conference and concluded that Zangezur could not cope with the influx of refugees until spring.
We ended up re @-@ shooting the whole sequence.
The Raiden from Mortal Kombat 1 then gets the message and experiences a premonition.
Gray said that Shikasta is closer to Gulliver 's Travels and the Old Testament than it is to Buck Rogers , and may disappoint readers interpreting her " space fiction " as " science fiction ".
It is located in the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges around 5 km ( 3 @.@ 1 mi ) east @-@ south @-@ east of the Adelaide city centre.
The episode was filmed , mostly in story order , on location in a barn at the Chiltern Open Air Museum.
Disappointed by Shahrbaraz 's failure , Khosrau II sent a messenger bearing a letter to Kardarigan , who was the second @-@ in @-@ command of the Sasanian army.
Released in 1990 , the Master System II removed a number of components in order to reduce the cost of the console , including the Sega Card slot , reset button , power light , expansion port , and activation music and logo upon turning on the system.
The other Grade II * churches are : St. Peter 's Parish Church in Parkstone which was first built in 1833 and replaced in 1876 ; St Dunstan of Canterbury Orthodox Church , also in Parkstone , an Antiochian Orthodox church , formerly the Anglican Church of St Osmund , in a Neo @-@ Byzantine style building ; and the Parish Church of St. Aldhelm in Branksome , built by the architects Bodley and Garner in 1892 in the Gothic Revival style.
Development of the project began in late 1993 and early 1994 ; however , construction has still not yet begun.
The main highway was moved with the construction of a northerly bypass of Ishpeming and Negaunee in 1937.
The LRT @-@ 1 is aligned in a general north – south direction along over 17 @.@ 2 kilometers ( 10 @.@ 7 mi ) of fully elevated track.
Solid performances from locally born players such as <unk> , Juliano and Esposito were relied upon during this period , coupled with goals from Giuseppe <unk> ..
" As reported in the Washington Post , former editor Chris Crain summarized the Blade 's editorial reasoning for the ' outings ' by stating that " It is 2004 , not 1954 , and sexual orientation in and of itself is no longer a ' private fact ' beyond the pale of inquiry.
Jagadish kidnaps the bomber again , and also forces the police officer who helped the bomber 's escape , to commit suicide.
Off the ice , Gorman and Ahearn squabbled over ownership.
" According to The Seattle Times , Donaldson also published news articles " attacking censorship , praising productions exhibiting ' good taste ' and fighting yellow journalism.
Lincoln had become burdened with bad debt resulting from its past aggressiveness , and by early 1986 , its investment practices were being investigated and audited by the FHLBB : in particular , whether it had violated these direct investment rules ; Lincoln had directed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation @-@ insured accounts into commercial real estate ventures.
The song was featured in the fourth episode of series three of the TV drama Skins , and , also , an instrumental version is used as accompanying music by Match of the Day 2 during the review segment showing the goals.
The spectrum is dominated by emission lines , usually broad although the higher excitation lines are overlaid by a narrow central component from dense ionised nebulosity , especially the Weigelt Blobs.
Various " tyrants " seem to have controlled territories from reoccupied hill forts.
She played the role of Tracy Louise Freeland , one of two young teens who sink into a downward spiral of hard drugs , sex , and petty crime.
St. Vincent was mostly destroyed , and St. Lucia suffered significant coastal damage.
The building is currently part of the Depot Square Historic District of Wichita Falls , which has been declared a Texas Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The first four Saturn I test flights were launched from LC @-@ 34 , with only live first stages , carrying dummy upper stages filled with water.
Helen Shiller ( born 1947 ) is a former Alderman of the 46th ward in Chicago , Illinois.
Spike was created by Shinichirō Watanabe and Toshihiro Kawamoto as part of the production entity Hajime Yatate.
Chauvel ordered the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , which had been unable to turn the German and Ottoman flank , to move towards the New Zealanders who renewed their efforts , but they only succeeded in exposing their flanks , as the Australians were unable to conform to their forward movement.
" All the songs on it were about something , " Zappa wrote in The Real Frank Zappa Book.
Despite an offer of funding from John Passmore Edwards , Watts 's suggestion was not taken up , leading Watts to comment that " if I had proposed a race course round Hyde Park , there would have been plenty of sympathisers ".
But the seven co @-@ writers of " Empire State of Mind " refused to give permission for the Newport single , a situation which led to the video being removed from YouTube on August 10 ..
Maria Theresa had another loss in February 1766 when Haugwitz died.
The first draft of the episode was written as a spec script and was titled The Division.
On 17 November , a 200 @-@ ton ship named the Concorde was attacked by two pirate craft nearly 100 miles ( 160 km ) away from the island of Martinique.
U @-@ 255 made two short patrols in the Bay of Biscay on the 6 – 9 May and 6 – 15 June 1944 , but had no successes.
It was initially announced as Gaga 's second single , but " Poker Face " was chosen instead.
Episodes featuring Pulaski in a leading role , such as " Unnatural Selection " , produced divided opinions among critics , with some describing it as a key episode while others argued that it showed only the negative side of her role ..
When White Star inaugurated service from Liverpool to Sydney in 1899 , they commissioned three steam ships to be built for that route : <unk> , Medic and Persic.
Tunicates lack the kidney @-@ like <unk> organs typical of deuterostomes.
Therefore , a negative capacitance acts like an inductance in which the impedance has a reverse dependence on frequency ω ; decreasing instead of increasing like a real inductance Similarly a negative inductance acts like a capacitance that has an impedance which increases with frequency.
Enterprise 's victory over Tripoli had very different consequences for the two nations involved.
The Union army 's interior lines enabled its commanders to shift troops quickly to critical areas , and with reinforcements from II Corps , the U.S. troops retained possession of East Cemetery Hill , and Early 's brigades were forced to withdraw ..
In the meantime , Iraq 's Olympic Organisation was run by " an interim committee proposed by its national sports federations and approved by the IOC.
A freshwater pond served as bathing facilities.
After Bigg 's sister Mary came to London , Charles eventually persuaded her to marry him in 1718.
A month later , Gangstas in Space was released.
Later in the season , Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ Nine caused severe local flooding in the Florida Panhandle and southwestern Georgia in September.
Paschal hit an inside @-@ the @-@ park home run in a victory against the Indians on July 9.
Lord Ashley 's mother decided to move back to her native France with the children.
Soon , the flouting of the code became an open secret.
In England he met with the Spanish embassy Don Juan de Tassis , who in August 1603 landed at Dover to help negotiate an Anglo @-@ Spanish treaty.
1092 – 1107 ) , who was married to Tzachas 's daughter and was thus his son @-@ in @-@ law , to attack Tzachas from the rear.
Athabasca University historian Alvin Finkel suggest that Hugill 's initial support of Social Credit was opportunistic , and not born of any belief in its rightness ..
After much buildup and hype , the Fabulous Moolah lost the championship when defeated by Richter , who had Lauper in her corner , on July 23 , 1984 in the main event of The Brawl to End It All , which was broadcast live on MTV.
She is the first female football player to make the cover of the Wheaties box.
Most of the crew as well as Roger Moore had diet problems while shooting in India ..
The Church in Wales with 56 @,@ 000 adherents has the largest attendance of the denominations.
They remain to this day at Arundel.
Shearman felt that the episode would have been " the best end to the show imaginable " , had the series not produced a third season.
Flynn and de Havilland had a falling out the previous year ‍ — ‌ mainly over the roles she was being given ‍ — ‌ and she did not intend to work with him again.
Musicians who compose and sing their own songs are called cantautori ( singer @-@ songwriters ).
The Great North invested in the railway , and directors sat on the board of the Junction Railway.
Two of his wife 's uncles were members of the Jesuit order , and several of his most important advisors were Jesuits.
" Writing for The Victoria Advocate , Steve Dollar praised the performance , saying that the song " has grown in depth " over time.
States with dirtier generation that rely heavily on coal still lag , such as Colorado , where the average BEV only achieves the same emissions as a 34 mpg @-@ US ( 6 @.@ 9 L / 100 km ; 41 mpg @-@ imp ) gasoline @-@ powered car.
It also charted at number four on the Hot Dance / Electronic Digital Songs , as well as at number 67 on the Canadian Hot Digital Songs chart ..
The next arrival , Manjakatsiroa , protected the sovereignty of the king from rivals and became the favorite of Ralambo , who kept it always near him.
In 2010 , the German Football Association ( DFB ) recommended the services of former Rwanda U @-@ 17 coach Michael Weiß as coach of the " Azkals " , a nickname for the national team , after Dan <unk> 's three @-@ day visit in Frankfurt.
Brazilian nationalists also supported the move , because it indicated that Brazil would no longer be submissive to the interests of Portugal , but would be of equal status within a transatlantic monarchy ..
His support for the Kansas @-@ Nebraska Act and his determination to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act helped polarize the sections.
Educators who had observed the reactions said , " the emergence of an icon in a minority culture can be both bewildering and threatening to Anglos ".
Grunge made it possible for genres thought to be of a niche audience , no matter how radical , to prove their marketability and be co @-@ opted by the mainstream , cementing the formation of an individualist , fragmented culture.
Bill Lamb of About.com noted Hudgens ' vocals as " loose " and " friendly " on the track.
The natural environment of Palm Island and adjacent Halifax Bay is ideal for the aquaculture of oysters , shrimp , prawns and mackerel.
He did not have the money to fund the trip himself , though used his connections ( for the only time other than when he used them to save Port Vale in 1968 ) to arrange sponsorship from Coca @-@ Cola and the Johannesburg Sunday Times newspaper.
Porpoises are not very widespread , with many specialising near the polar regions , usually near the coast.
Pip , Giselle 's best chipmunk friend from Andalasia , witnessed the events of Giselle 's fall through the portal and alerts Edward to it , ( there is a short film of how that happened ) so they embark on a rescue mission.
Marie 's dynastic efforts were viewed by critics as those of a manipulative mother who would sacrifice her children 's happiness in order to fulfil her ambitions ; in reality , Marie never forced any of her children to marry ..
At the tail @-@ end of the 1893 season , he played three times for the South , scoring two half @-@ centuries.
Berry was the only member of the family thought to be able to beget children.
Paraguay beat Belgium by a 1 – 0 margin ..
Children with AS appear to have particular weaknesses in areas of <unk> language that include humor , irony , teasing , and sarcasm.
It was found to be an abelisaurid through a phylogenetic analysis of anatomical characteristics , and was described as a <unk> abelisaurid ( the subfamily including Carnotaurus ) because of the configuration of its nasal bones and its possession of a growth ( " excrescence " ) on its frontal bone.
The Welsh naturalist Ronald Lockley carried out early research into animal navigation with the Manx shearwaters that nested on the island of Skokholm.
Flores Ramírez tested positive for the presence of amphetamines.
Yet with B and D Companies securing the landing zone , the remainder of 3 RAR was inserted by helicopter from FSB Coogee in the late afternoon.
This meant the British merchant fleet would not be at Germany 's disposal for use in evacuations , and planning for the Madagascar proposal stalled.
" This despite Tom Holland explaining within the documentary that " The earliest biographies we have were written nearly 200 years after Mohammed 's lifetime.
His eyesight was deteriorating as a result of macular dystrophy , and he relied increasingly on his musical amanuensis and near namesake Michael Tillett , and on Meirion Bowen , who became Tippett 's assistant and closest companion in the remaining years of the composer 's life.
Alternatively , during hazardous weather , ships may have taken refuge close to shore , where the horses may have been turned loose.
Prior to its release , Capcom expected to sell 2 millions units of Marvel vs. Capcom 3 worldwide across both platforms.
Four singles were released ; the first two , " El Día Que Me Quieras " and " La Media Vuelta " , reached number one on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart in the United States.
These describe the crew 's quarters , the lounge area , the gardens and menagerie , and the activity deck.
Artemis is troubled by the manticore 's mention of a " Great Stirring " of monsters , and goes off alone to hunt an Olympus @-@ destroying monster she believes to have finally returned from Tartarus.
By September 6 the remaining convection dissipated , and Edouard dissipated while becoming absorbed into the larger circulation of Tropical Storm Fay ..
Low cloud trapped the smoke and dust produced by the bombardment.
However , after his agent was arrested for embezzlement , Cherry signed with Paradigm Talent Agency , where he was advised to rewrite the script as a soap opera.
Reviews of the film following a press screening were generally positive.
The Spitfire 's airframe was complex : the streamlined , semi @-@ monocoque duralumin fuselage featured a large number of compound curves built up from a skeleton of 19 formers , also known as frames , starting from frame number one , immediately behind the propeller unit , to the tail unit attachment frame.
This ensured that rather than the source of justice moving from place to place as the king did , there would be a fixed location that claimants and defendants could travel to that would address their problems.
The rest of the credited voice actors in the game are Dennis Chinnery , Stephanie Clive , Jeff Fletcher , Corey Johnson , Chris Miles , Gary Parker , <unk> Cinque and Leo <unk> ..
The Dinosaur Park Formation is interpreted as a low @-@ relief setting of rivers and floodplains that became more swampy and influenced by marine conditions over time as the Western Interior Seaway transgressed westward.
Rosenbaum relished the opportunities he gets to show Lex 's evil side , even if it is only for a few seconds in earlier seasons.
Bangalore and Hubli are extensively connected with inter @-@ state destinations while other important cities and towns in the state are not so well @-@ connected ..
Overall , the flooding on the island killed four people and left moderate damage of around $ 1 million ( 1952 USD , $ 8 @.@ 91 million 2016 USD ) ..
Wolf heads are common in Scottish heraldry , particularly in the coats of Clan Robertson and Skene.
Due to the storm 's slow motion , Cyclone Clotilda brought torrential rains to the island of Réunion during a span of three days.
On 2 October , Cormoran anchored in Apia , before embarking on a tour of the German Pacific colonies.
The River Avon within the gorge , and the River Severn into which it flows , has tides which fluctuate about 30 feet ( 9 m ) between high and low water.
She has frequently appeared in Sonic merchandise ..
When the king summoned a great council in October , several of the earls refused to meet due to Gaveston ’ s presence.
While clearing his own holdings , he earned money by helping to clear the land of others.
A well @-@ organized ITCZ disturbance with deep convection organized further over the northeastern Pacific Ocean on July 28.
After " Mama Forgive Me " , Porcelain performed three new songs , whose titles were : " Pretty Little Psycho " , " Rich Boi " , and " One Woman Army " respectively.
Jacob and the <unk> Jonathan ( referred to in the Talmud as " Yonatan me @-@ Bet Guvrin " or Jonathan of Bet Guvrin ) were residents of the city.
Schuyler and original Degrassi series head writer Yan Moore began developing a new television drama in 1999.
Around the same time she also received two 356 @-@ millimeter ( 14 @.@ 0 in ) torpedo tubes for Schwartzkopff torpedoes.
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 52 million tickets in the US.
He managed to hold on to power with the aid of opposition parties and consulted the Governor , Sir Gerald Strickland , proposing to pass legislation to extend the term of the lower house of the state legislature by a year.
At WWC 's Euphoria 2012 , he wrestled in a rematch against Banderas , which was left inconclusive when a video depicting Vega was shown in the <unk> , draining the time limit.
By the late 18th century , the popularity of landscape art grew and clients were found in the larger Welsh towns , allowing more Welsh artists to stay in their homeland.
He recalled the Germans seemed inexperienced and their shooting was " atrocious ".
In 1907 , she assisted other performers during the music hall war and took part in demonstrations outside theatres , protesting for better pay and conditions for performers.
The city 's iconic monument was dedicated on May 15 , 1902 ..
The coastal cliffs along the Bay of Aarhus consist of shallow tertiary clay from the Eocene and Oligocene ( 57 to 24 million years ago ) ..
Hilde appears as a slender woman with long , red hair.
Boniperti retired in 1961 as the all @-@ time top scorer at the club , with 182 goals in all competitions , a club record which stood for 45 years ..
When he saw that the demoralized Xia recoiled from this assault , he sent more of his cavalry to turn Dou 's left flank from the south.
Burges 's collaborator , the artist Nathaniel Westlake , lamented " competitions are seldom given to the best man – look at the number poor Burges won , or should have won , and I think he executed only one.
And then you 'd say , ' I 'm picking up good vibrations , ' which is a contrast against the sensual , the extrasensory perception that we have.
She was built by Scotts , Greenock , and launched on 21 November 1945.
Most of the training units moved to the Salisbury Plain , establishing depots at <unk> Down , <unk> , Larkhill and Tidworth.
Undeterred , he began to dig a replica coal mine in the back garden of his home.
Bowie was older than Travis with a better reputation and considered himself a colonel , thus outranking Travis , a lieutenant colonel.
By mid @-@ 1977 in downtown New York , punk rock was already ceding its cutting @-@ edge status to the anarchic sound of Teenage Jesus and the Jerks and Mars , spearheads of what became known as no wave , although several original punk bands continued to perform and new ones emerged on the scene.
After scoring seven of his team 's 341 , he took 1 / 86 as Queensland declared at 5 / 332.
Narayan pondered giving up the sarangi and becoming a singer.
" The Sydney Morning Herald noted that " Verge on several occasions saved splendidly , generally finding the line with useful punts and never losing his head.
Thompkins then filed a writ of habeas corpus in federal District Court but it denied his request.
Three houses were washed away and two people injured when a river 100 mi ( 160 km ) west of Tokyo overflowed its banks.
In Germany , various groups established that explicitly rejected their religion 's völkisch and right @-@ wing past , most notably <unk> ( Raven 's Clan ) in 1994 and <unk> <unk> ( Kin of the Norns ) in 2005.
Giving up on the rebellious New England colonies , they decided to split the Thirteen Colonies and isolate New England from what the British believed to be the more loyal middle and southern colonies.
" Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times gave the film two out of five stars , saying " The film does have a fairy @-@ tale aspect , but , like many of its characters , it is more dead and buried than fully alive.
He made 11 batting at No. 9 , including a six from Jim Laker as Australia made 552.
It described in some detail the culture shock of the 1830s , when the Westernized elites reversed a process of Turkification [ ? ? controversial use of this term ] , and noted the ambivalent policies of Russian governors.
On 29 August 2002 , Shakira performed " Objection ( Tango ) " at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards in New York City.
It inhabits shallow waters close to shore , particularly over muddy bottoms around estuaries.
The hall is open to the public for visits and guided tours , and parts of the building can be hired for weddings and social functions ..
Her video has about 25 @.@ 7 million YouTube views , as of November 12 , 2015 ..
The river valley is home to various parks ranging from fully serviced urban parks to campsite @-@ like facilities with few amenities.
The Østfold Line connects to the Hoved Line and <unk> – Alnabru Line before reaching Oslo Central Station ( Oslo S ).
In 1893 , Dunhill inherited his father 's business and shortly afterwards began to supply accessories for motor cars under the name Dunhill 's <unk> ( a portmanteau of " motorist " and " priorities " ).
Wyatt told the court afterward that Ike Clanton had bragged that he would kill the Earps or Doc Holliday at his first opportunity.
In Wallonia , the legacy of trade union and socialist political mobilisation during the general strike paved the way for a left @-@ wing revival of the Walloon Movement ..
Wolpaw " couldn 't resist putting in just one " cake joke.
Denard Robinson was honored for the sixth time in his career as the Big Ten 's Offensive Player of the Week , having run for two touchdowns , passed for two more , and accounted for 263 yard of total offense ( 180 passing yards and 83 rushing yards ) , more than the entire Nebraska team.
Meanwhile , Eragon 's cousin Roran , is planning to marry Katrina , daughter of Sloan the butcher.
Traffic on the opened section was much lower than anticipated , and the prospects of building the rest of the canal dwindled , as profits were minimal.
" He cited the " town " themes as Shimomura 's weakest , but said that the more " emotional " pieces were much better.
In the next match , against Leicestershire , Bradman won the toss and elected to bat , promoting Keith Miller ahead of himself to No. 3.
On their way up to Drake 's office , the agents ' elevator stalls , causing Scully to call the front desk for help ; as she identifies herself , the COS records her contact information.
The Alaska 's Mark 8 guns were the heaviest main battery of any cruiser of World War II , and as capable as the old 14 " / 50 caliber gun used on the U.S. Navy 's pre @-@ treaty battleships ..
" The Christmas Song " became Aguilera 's third top @-@ twenty hit on the Billboard Hot 100 , peaking at number 18 on the chart.
Winds on land gusted up to 112 mph ( 180 km / h ) , leading to severe wind damage.
The literary critic A. N. Wilson praised the Harry Potter series in The Times , stating : " There are not many writers who have JK 's Dickensian ability to make us turn the pages , to weep – openly , with tears splashing – and a few pages later to laugh , at invariably good jokes ... We have lived through a decade in which we have followed the publication of the liveliest , funniest , scariest and most moving children 's stories ever written ".
She teased in a post on Instagram saying that the video would have many " surprise " guests.
He proceeded to the Sydney suburb of Liverpool , where he attended an infantry school before training at the Royal Military College , Duntroon.
The final product features three newly recorded songs , which incorporate pop styles previously seen in the original album , an acoustic version of " The One That Got Away " and three additional official remixes ..
It was a large amount of money at the time.
Although she gained a new cabinet composed of politicians who supported the end of slavery , Isabel 's decision held unintended and dire consequences for the monarchy.
Another fatality was caused when one person fell off the ship Patricia Star and into the Atlantic ; the other two deaths were from two people drowning in north Florida.
His authority in the PJ was also held in doubt , as he was unable to run for another re @-@ election and the party sought a candidate for the 1999 elections.
" Keep It Together " is a song by American singer Madonna from her fourth studio album Like a Prayer ( 1989 ).
Ami caused F $ 104 @.@ 4 million ( US $ 51 @.@ 2 million ) in damages and 14 deaths , primarily on Fiji.
The music of the game was primarily composed by Shinji Hosoe , with contributions by Ayako Saso and Takayuki Aihara.
" In 1974 , they introduced a new line of brassieres for teens called Dici ( by Wonderbra ) , and invented new hot fabric molding technologies to shape the cup.
On 7 May 1896 , Sir Humphrey Francis de Trafford put the 1 @,@ 183 @-@ acre ( 4 @,@ 790 @,@ 000 m2 ) estate up for auction , but it failed to reach its reported reserve price of £ 300 @,@ 000 ( £ 31 @.@ 3 million as of 2016 ).
PD is more common in the elderly and rates rises from 1 % in those over 60 years of age to 4 % of the population over 80.
The album , a blend of folk and Western classical music , was praised by critics and " Chendoora Poove " remains popular among the Tamil diaspora.
Odd @-@ numbered routes generally run north @-@ south and even @-@ numbered routes generally run east @-@ west.
Andrew Sun of South China Morning Post stated that " one of the best things Chan can do for his flagging movie career is to play a heavy — a nasty , scum @-@ of @-@ the @-@ earth antagonist , since you do not always have to play a hero to be a hero.
Rather , the rocket was moved a few miles north to Launch pad 39A , recently refurbished by SpaceX at the adjacent Kennedy Space Center , to conduct a static fire test on 15 January 2016.
The family Russulaceae was first validly named in 1907 by Dutch botanist Johannes Paulus <unk> , who included three genera : Russula , Lactarius , and <unk> ( now considered a synonym of Russula ).
Past the river in the town of York , NY 63 begins to curve northwest up and out of the Genesee River valley until it runs east – west once again at the hamlet of <unk>.
By the end of the last mission , both Super <unk> were out of commission , having flown the group 's last mission in Vietnam ..
The season 's 11 named storms is slightly above the long term average , while the five tropical cyclones – a storm attaining maximum sustained winds of at least 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) – was the same as the long term average.
The objects indicate the smith was trained in the Irish style of working.
Designers have many different topologies of stub filters to choose from , some of which produce identical responses.
17th , Rubens Barrichello 18th , whilst the Force Indias of Adrian Sutil and Giancarlo Fisichella brought up the rear of the grid in 19th and 20th positions.
The cap can reach a diameter of about 10 cm ( 3 @.@ 9 in ) , while the stipe is up to 6 cm ( 2 @.@ 4 in ) long and 2 cm ( 0 @.@ 8 in ) thick.
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was revealed as McCain 's surprise choice for running mate on August 29 , 2008.
This is in part due to public figures who have caused speculation and comment in the press about their sexuality and lesbianism in general.
The chorus has been identified by Baselt with " <unk> , O <unk> " , from Act 1 of Daphne.
In a 2009 MTV News article , James Montgomery refers to the album as self @-@ titled , joking , " Or Untitled … It 's never really been clear.
They can thrive even in areas of sparse vegetation.
The Cambridge crew saw three former Blues return , including Alan Burrough who was making his third consecutive appearance.
Flandez called Roz " the delightfully colorful synchronized swimming teacher " , and said her " scathing remarks were expertly delivered " and that there were " too many good lines to savor ".
In 1983 , he moved to Kuala Lumpur as sales and marketing manager.
Bush had decided in the late 1970s that he was going to run for president in 1980 ; in 1979 , he attended 850 political events and traveled more than 250 @,@ 000 miles ( 400 @,@ 000 km ) to campaign for the nation 's highest office.
This program soon became another important organizing body for children 's baseball.
The content introduces new equipment for Batman , including the XE suit which generates heat , allowing him to melt ice or throw thermal @-@ charged batarangs.
We had to do it on our turf , with no bodyguards , no star trips and none of Joe Jackson 's people hanging around making suggestions.
The team wanted to encourage players to think about the results of not only large decisions — Karma moments in the game where Cole thinks of which option to select — but also every moment @-@ to @-@ moment action , such as considering the presence of civilians in the area around a battle.
This demo includes both single player and co @-@ op play , but does not allow for jump @-@ in co @-@ op as seen in Gears of War.
In particular , the armor protection was totally outmoded ..
" The word has made its way to common use and was included in Mark Peters ' Yada , Yada , Do 'h ! , 111 Television Words That Made the Leap From the Screen to Society , but as of 2014 it was not included in the authoritative Oxford English Dictionary.
A number of scenes in the novel Gods and Generals that depict Hancock and his friend Lewis Armistead in Southern California before the war have been omitted from the film.
And we thought , We 're rich ! And we turned it over to them and they destroyed it.
The police can be seen moving away at least one woman who tried to help him , and a man , Daniel McPhee , who was on the phone to the ambulance services.
The upper panels are separately hinged and able to close independently of the others.
Later , Selendis commands the defenses of the dark templar archives on Ehlna against attack by Zerg and Ulrezaj , resulting in Ulrezaj 's defeat ..
In Codd 's 1979 proposal ( which was basically adopted by <unk> ) this semantic inconsistency is rationalized by arguing that removal of duplicates in set operations happens " at a lower level of detail than equality testing in the evaluation of retrieval operations.
A photographic exhibition in the Netherlands by longtime band photographer Anton Corbijn served as a thematic inspiration for the song.
He continued to campaign for Democratic senatorial candidates for many years.
At this early stage , the term punk applied to the scene in general , not necessarily a particular stylistic approach as it would later — the early New York punk bands represented a broad variety of influences.
Two months later , Lohan is in London , England talking to Kate Redman , from Save the Children UK , who describes how one of the issues with government intervention is that only sex and drug trafficking is illegal.
Abe concludes that time travel is simply too dangerous , and uses a second apparatus ( his " failsafe box , " built before the experiment 's beginning and kept continuously running in a secret location ) , traveling back four days to prevent the experiment 's launch ..
He wrote , " It is not extreme reality that the camera perceives , but the reality of the inner event , which is more profound , effective and moving than what we see through everyday eyes .... " Leni went on to direct the Charlie Chan film The Chinese Parrot ( 1927 ) , The Man Who Laughs ( 1928 ) , and The Last Warning ( 1929 ) before his death in 1929 from blood poisoning ..
TNA originally planned to use former professional football player and professional wrestler Steve McMichael as a Special Ringside Enforcer before management changed their minds and decided to use Mick Foley in the role instead.
Thus , the Venetian language became , if not the common language of the Ionians , at least the prestige one.
In the revised script , Sam and Dean Winchester were raised by their aunt and uncle instead of their father.
Chambers won the convention 's vote for vice president ..
" I Could Fall in Love " was released as the lead promotional recording for the 1995 album Dreaming of You on June 26 , 1995 , at the same time as " Tú Sólo Tú " , to demonstrate Selena 's transition from Spanish- to English @-@ language recordings.
There are currently about 230 tropical botanical gardens with a concentration in southern and south @-@ eastern Asia.
Bart missed having Skinner as an adversary and got him rehired , knowing that this would mean that the two could no longer be friends ..
" Another of my favorites this year is ' Bacon : A Love Story : A Salty Survey of Everybody 's Favorite Meat ' by Heather Lauer.
Character costumes were inspired by Marvel Comics ' Ultimate X @-@ Men.
Near the end of the first half , Andoni Iraola set up Iñaki Williams , whose volley missed the target.
The project was headed by Gregg Mayles and the team behind the Banjo @-@ Kazooie series , based on an idea from Rare co @-@ founder Tim Stamper.
In that town , H @-@ 33 intersects the eastern end of H @-@ 42.
The world 's strongest players were seeded into Interzonal tournaments , where they were joined by players who had qualified from Zonal tournaments.
With this film , Rama Rao became the first actor to have acted in two languages simultaneously ..
The writers bestow particular praise on the characterisation of Mrs Appleby , whose ignorance of Unwin and Harding 's involvement with British Intelligence adds to the comedy : for example , when Father Unwin speaks into his communications device that is disguised as a hearing aid , the housekeeper thinks that the apparently senile vicar is muttering to himself.
In 1979 , the Georgetown administration decided that the station did not fit with the public image they desired for the university , and sold the station to the University of the District of Columbia for US $ 1.
The zduhać belonged to such people in Serbian tradition.
In April 1942 , Hannah was promoted to temporary wing commander.
The early products of this effort included La Belle Dame sans Merci and " Ode to Psyche " , the first of a series of odes that he would write that year.
Then , in 1944 DNA was extracted for the first time.
Most of the Muslims in East Punjab were wiped out in the middle of 1948 , but some converted just to stay alive.
The boyfriend is talking on his cell phone , and when she attempts to touch him , he pushes her away.
The ellipse also served as the design basis for the Spitfire 's fin and tailplane assembly , once again exploiting the shape 's favourable aerodynamic characteristics.
In October 1956 Pan Books published a paperback version of the novel in the UK , which sold 43 @,@ 000 copies before the end of the year.
In 2011 , The Atlas of American Orthodox Christian Churches , published by Holy Cross Orthodox Press and based on research by Alexei <unk> , was released.
Throughout the season , problems in his pitching arm flared up again , restricting him to just 146 1 ⁄ 3 innings pitched and 20 games started.
The situation was not made easier by the fact that neither Johnson nor Shirley had ever commanded expeditions of the size and scope proposed ..
The remnant trough reached the northwestern Gulf of Mexico later that day , briefly producing scatter thunderstorms before it diminished ..
As of December 2007 , the game has sold 605 @,@ 000 units.
The Ashford name comes from the founders of Umbrella revealed in Resident Evil Code : Veronica.
Several of the England team , including Peel , drank heavily in the night thinking the game was lost , but overnight rain drastically changed the nature of the pitch.
Texas was ranked second in each week of the BCS rankings , except for one week where Texas took the top spot with USC falling to number two.
Concerned about losing more of his troops , Darius halted the march at the banks of the Volga River and headed towards Thrace.
Nine stadiums that have seen Premier League football have now been demolished.
Interstate 215 ( I @-@ 215 ) , also known locally as the belt route or two @-@ fifteen , is an auxiliary interstate in the U.S. state of Utah that forms a 270 @-@ degree loop around Salt Lake City and many of its suburbs.
Jack is the most common name used in English language nursery rhymes and by the 18th century represented an archetypal Everyman hero , while by the end of the Middle Ages Jill or Gill had come to mean a young girl or a sweetheart.
His advice was heeded , and the sale was concluded December 29 , 1919.
Settlement extends northwards from the highway for about 600 metres ( 2 @,@ 000 ft ) until the dry riverbed of the Río El Chal.
The F @-@ 108 was intended to carry the Hughes AN / ASG @-@ 18 radar , the U.S. ' s first pulse @-@ Doppler radar set.
From Interlaken to Ovid , NY 15 initially followed the post @-@ 1912 alignment of legislative Route 45 to Lodi and the pre @-@ 1912 routing of Route 45 to Ovid ..
The horns are long , thin , and symmetrical ; they curve backwards ( a distinctive feature of this species ) and can reach 1 @.@ 0 to 1 @.@ 2 m ( 3 ft 3 in to 3 ft 11 in ) on both the males and the females.
After the public release of video material depicting Smith 's treatment while incarcerated , interim leader of the federal Liberal Party Bob Rae raised the matter in Parliament during Question Period , asking why the government was attempting to restrict the scope of the inquiry through the Corrections Canada legal challenge.
On September 11 , CIM issued a press release that it had obtained permits for a 34 @-@ story , 690 @-@ unit apartment tower , which Crain 's Chicago Business described as " the biggest apartment tower the Loop has seen in decades ".
" The motion picture was dedicated to Dick.
Higinbotham claimed later that " the high schoolers liked it best , you couldn 't pull them away from it.
The 100 's styling was based on those computers and represents the first improvements to the PowerBook line as Apple benefited from the lessons learned in developing the more powerful models ' enclosure.
They also besieged Madrid and the area to its south and west for much of the war.
The Treaty of Berlin was signed on 13 July 1878 at the Radziwill Palace in Berlin.
It was the 28th top grossing film at the box office for that week.
The term as most often used applies to introduced species ( also called " non @-@ indigenous " or " non @-@ native " ) that adversely affect the habitats and bioregions they invade economically , environmentally , or ecologically.
Many websites and online communities are dedicated to discussions about Christian metal 's music , events , and bands ..
Documents released in February 2011 showed that the speed of the course was a concern for several years before Kumaritashvili 's death ..
The loss of Schoemansdal , once a prosperous settlement by Boer standards , was considered a great humiliation by many burghers.
Eagles and hawks are abundant in April and May , while smaller birds such as yellow warblers , American redstart , and indigo bunting are more common in early summer.
Stephen was also rapidly running out of money : Henry 's considerable treasury had been emptied by 1138 due to the costs of running Stephen 's more lavish court and the need to raise and maintain his mercenary armies fighting in England and Normandy ..
" Hurlbut worked with director Barry Levinson , as cinematographer for The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman advertisements for American Express ..
The strong wind that does blow almost always comes from the south , bringing in warm temperatures and humidity.
Although his younger son , Happy , is self @-@ absorbed , he attempts to humor Willy.
The two highways concurrently turn northeast along the St. Croix River , entering town.
The children rebelled and some of the new restrictions were eased.
Social barriers were broken down – both by the reduction in the duties of the lowest groups and the privileges of the richest , and the increasing wealth of entrants to the college generally.
During the winter , rapid snowmelt on Mount Jumbo due to its steep slope leaves grass available for grazing elk and mule deer.
Early in 2002 , Blur recorded a song that would be played by European Space Agency 's Beagle 2 lander once it touched down ; however , attempts to locate the probe after it landed on Mars were fruitless ..
She said , " I loved all the arguing.
He also noted that music critics would " easily open the floodgates for new and creative ways to discuss her offense to pop culture 's attempts at meaningfulness ".
On March 1 , 1999 , Wainwright began his first tour as a headlining act in Hoboken , New Jersey.
Some caecilians , the alpine salamander ( Salamandra atra ) and some of the African live @-@ bearing toads ( Nectophrynoides spp.
When Wilkes returned from California to New York City , he began to work for William T. Porter at Porter 's newspaper The Spirit of the Times.
Wood describes him as the " bloodiest man in America 's deadliest war " and characterizes him as the clearest example of the war 's " dehumanizing influence ".
1 was their previous album , Endgame ..
Their leg bones are proportioned differently from those of a human.
On this occasion , he was denied his seat because of alleged disloyalty to the Union during the Civil War.
I think that would be pretty much ideal.
Coulter has expressed admiration for other female artists such as Madonna , Pink , Lady Gaga and Katy Perry ..
Three roads with residential housing — Manor Way , Windmill Way , and Park Way — were completed before the outbreak of the First World War.
The upbeat image served as gentle propaganda to boost employee morale and keep production from lagging.
All three works would prove , as musicologist William W. Austin notes and Pollack states about the symphony , " challenging to grasp.
The President is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces.
Luckily for Miller , it failed to detonate.
Remaining in the chart for only three weeks , the album made its exit at number forty on September 23.
A kneeling woman clutches the waist of the victorious soldier , raising her face to him to beg him to spare his defeated foe.
Over the next few days , a center of circulation accompanied by intermittent shower activity began to develop in the presence of favorable conditions.
Brazil may also require new carrier aircraft.
Seeking the assistance of the Ottomans , John I had to pay homage to the sultan at Mohács in 1529 ..
He made his NHL debut six days later on November 28 , stopping 43 shots in a 2 – 1 win against the Boston Bruins.
The primary pigment is haematopodin B , which is so chemically sensitive ( breaking down upon exposure to air and light ) that its more stable breakdown product , haematopodin , was known before its eventual discovery and characterization in 2008.
Illuminated by fires started during a U.S. naval bombardment of the islet , the five landing craft carrying the Marines were hit by heavy fire as they approached the shore , with many of the U.S. Navy <unk> being killed or wounded , as well as heavily damaging three of the boats.
Production of undated dies into which the year of issue could be punched did continue , and during the hiatus in coin production , Chief Engraver Charles E. Barber modified the design , removing light outlines between the lettering on the obverse and the rest of the design , and making other changes.
Biographer Hannah Fink estimated that Oliver produced 290 works over a career of 22 years.
The case is also seen as the reason for the demise of accounting with the aid of secret reserves ..
Benzedrine was regularly taken by troops during the war to remain awake and alert , and Fleming was an occasional consumer ..
A nuclear weapons state and a regional power , it has the third @-@ largest standing army in the world and ranks sixth in military expenditure among nations.
" In his 19th @-@ century translation of the Poetic Edda , Henry Adams Bellows comments that " some scholars have regarded [ Frigg ] as a solar myth , calling her the sun @-@ goddess , and pointing out that her home in Fensalir ( " the sea @-@ halls " ) symbolizes the daily setting of the sun beneath the ocean horizon.
As president , he solicited political as well as personal advice from her.
As it approaches the southern end of the Bruce Peninsula , the route bisects Port Elgin , then curves abruptly towards Lake Huron and passes through Southampton before curving to the east towards Owen Sound.
The company worked with British tobacco manufacturers to set tobacco prices worldwide.
The following morning , the vault door opens , and Brian carries a sleeping Stewie and their belongings out of the room in silence.
As the leader of the Saints , a street gang that has become the world 's most " powerful and popular " organization , the player is elected President of the United States , receives superpowers , and fends off an alien invasion.
The Danton @-@ class ships were ordered as the second tranche of a French naval expansion plan that began in response to the growth of the Imperial German Navy after 1900.
Tony Richardson 's production for the English Stage Company transferred from the Royal Court to the Palace Theatre in September 1957 ; after that it toured and returned to the Palace.
Edwina continued her own tour , and died the following month ..
It is primarily contested within TNA 's tag team division.
Strong waves in New Jersey killed two people and seriously injured another.
Another still was leaked on the next day which featured Rama Rao Jr. sitting on a Royal Enfield bike sans shirt sporting his six pack abs.
However , details of nest @-@ building , incubation times , parental care , fledging periods and number of broods are unknown ..
In 1796 , the Penobscot ceded 200 @,@ 000 acres ( 810 km2 ) in the Penobscot River basin.
Christmas Eve borscht is , therefore , either vegetarian or based on fish stock and is not typically mixed with sour cream.
Phase 2 encompassed three main objectives , which were the validation of : reduced visibility in the radio wave , infrared , and visual spectrums and reduced acoustical observability ; acceptable flying qualities ; and the " modeling capabilities that accurately predict low observable characteristics of an aircraft in flight " ..
" Marina Sirtis appeared once more as Counselor Deanna Troi.
On 16 June 2012 , an hour before gates were due to open at Toronto 's Downsview Park for the final concert of Radiohead 's North American tour , the roof of the venue 's temporary stage collapsed , killing drum technician Scott Johnson and injuring three other members of Radiohead 's touring technical crew.
All of the residence hall suites have bathrooms shared between 2 or 3 rooms as opposed to communal bathrooms.
Staffel 's new base in Germany at Bonn @-@ Hangelar via Oslo @-@ Gardermoen , Aalborg , and Lüneburg ..
Although a few Christian denominations follow the Judaic practice of observing the Sabbath on Saturday , Catholics , along with most Christians , observe Sunday as a special day , which they call the " Lord 's Day ".
Ayu was created by Naoki Hisaya who wrote her scenario for the visual novel , and designed by Itaru Hinoue.
Tunis is mentioned by author Daniel Okrent in the dedication for The Ultimate Baseball Book as one of " those responsible for the earliest roots of this project ".
At the first Digital Spy Soap Awards ceremony , Woodburne was nominated for Most Popular Actress.
She provided the seat locations of the hijackers , which later helped investigators to determine their identities ..
In March 2013 Brewer was found guilty of indecent assault , and was sentenced to six years imprisonment ..
The home @-@ and @-@ home series then moved to Toronto for two games , where the Phillies gave up nine runs in the seventh inning of the first game to lose 10 – 0.
Following the closure of Valley 's post office , its mail was routed through the post office in Romney ..
This migration of women into the workforce shook the traditional ideology of gender roles , but importantly , it was the catalyst to the double burden becoming noticeable.
In 1999 , Hall was no longer eligible in the under @-@ 18s and so became a regular fixture in North Hobart 's senior side.
Two locations on the Moon were given primary consideration for exploration by the Apollo 16 expedition : the Descartes Highlands region west of Mare Nectaris and the crater Alphonsus.
" Rosenbaum praised the project , but claimed it could only be considered a " study version.
The film is his creative process " , he said ..
Sims led the Wolverines in field goal percentage , rebounds and blocked shots.
<unk> is more expensive than lactulose , but the cost may be offset by reduced hospital admissions for encephalopathy ..
M @-@ 139 crosses the St. Joseph River one last time south of the interchange with I @-@ 94 at its exit 28 ; M @-@ 139 then passes through the community of Fair Plain and enters the eastern edge of Benton Harbor.
His former role fell to the less experienced Dick Pope.
In 2008 , Pokémon anime director and storyboard artist Masamitsu Hidaka confirmed in an interview that Kadabra would not be used on a Pokémon Trading Card until an agreement was reached on the case ..
The course hosted the PGA Tour Tournament of Champions from 1953 to 1966 , attracting professional golfers such as Sam Snead , Arnold Palmer , and Jack Nicklaus.
Currency was a major issue which divided the province politically : a large populist faction supported the inflationary issuance of paper currency , while two economically powerful groups supported competing proposals for dealing with the currency problem.
These would have been the largest ever fitted to a capital ship , dwarfing the 460 mm ( 18 @.@ 1 in ) guns mounted on the Yamato class.
The gods in general were said to dwell in the sky , although gods whose roles were linked with other parts of the universe were said to live in those places instead.
The band was unable to quickly find a suitable replacement for Young.
Members who joined the fraternity after spring 2010 were transferred to alumni status but cannot participate in any fraternity events due to the shutdown of the chapter.
Between 1928 and 1933 , Conant published 55 papers.
However , another problem arose when the F @-@ 108 program was canceled in September 1959 , which ended the shared development that benefited the B @-@ 70 program ..
In the aftermath of the failed operation , a furious Hitler proclaimed that the Kriegsmarine 's surface forces would be paid off and dismantled , and their guns used to reinforce the fortifications of the Atlantic Wall.
Maximian 's swift appointment by Diocletian as Caesar is taken by the writer Stephen Williams and historian Timothy Barnes to mean that the two men were longterm allies , that their respective roles were pre @-@ agreed and that Maximian had probably supported Diocletian during his campaign against Carinus ( r.
The relationship , Gozdor asserted , that the Court set forth was that the restriction " distorted " private speech.
Becky and the group make it to their car and drive off.
The Haynes car took first place in the race , adding to the company 's publicity and helping to feed a large jump in sales ..
The " Black Mask Challenge " pack , released in November 2013 , contains two additional challenge maps : " Lot Full " and " Hidden Facility ".
The first two years of the restoration were generally devoted to safely removing material added after her first commission , like the poop deck and the 200 long tons ( 200 t ) of concrete decking.
AI for pregnancy is 30 μg / day.
The hardcover edition was published in November 2000 by Random House Canada.
He enrolled at the Cincinnati Law School in 1855 , where he studied under Bellamy Storer.
Also in the centre of the town , Cheap Street contains buildings dating to the 16th and 17th centuries and has a stream running down the middle fed by the spring at St John 's Church.
He was taken to see Major General Maxwell D. Taylor , the commander of the 101st Airborne Division , who treated him courteously , allowing him to keep his weapons and field marshal 's baton , and to visit the Eastern Front headquarters of Army Groups Centre and South at Zeltweg and Graz unescorted.
The song managed to chart at number 27 in the US and number 42 in the UK , and was the most electronically experimental composition by the group thus far.
However these performances were insufficient to gain regional representation , and he was overlooked for South Zone 's matches in the Duleep Trophy ..
James put Catholics in key positions in the government and even attendance at a conventicle was made punishable by death.
In ' Amor Fati ' we treated the religious side with respect.
Richard M. Sherman also worked on the film as a music supervisor and shared his side of his experiences working with Travers on Mary Poppins.
Although most U.S. national parks preserve unique geographic features , Everglades National Park was the first created to protect a fragile ecosystem.
In the early 1980s , Parks Commissioner Gordon Davis , responsible for New York City 's green areas , and Ron Delsener , one of the city 's most influential concert promoters , developed the idea of helping Central Park financially with a free open @-@ air concert , under the legal guidance of Bob Donnelly.
During the video Usher is shown using a Sony Ericsson <unk> Walkman , as part of Usher 's endorsement of the company ..
The ship was steered by means of two quarter rudders at the stern ( <unk> ) , which also housed a tent ( <unk> ) that covered the captain 's berth ( <unk> ( b ) at ( t ) os ).
Wesley Salmon developed a model in which a good scientific explanation must be statistically relevant to the outcome to be explained.
However , the administrative changes needed to make the abbey into a bishopric took longer , and were still unresolved at the time of Nigel 's appointment.
Near the end , Joe went to tag in Nash , who instead pulled his hand back , flipped Joe off , and left the ring.
This was despite the fact that according to brother Jermaine she had won several singing contests , duetting with brother Jackie.
The game began as the USS Voyager resupplied at an agricultural planet , only to have certain members of its crew kidnapped by the Kazon.
The soundtrack reached the Billboard 200 chart , and also broke the top twenty best @-@ selling soundtracks and independent albums listings.
Dorothy has fled the island in the night and an envelope is tacked to the front door with Hermie 's name on it.
Nielsen sublimated his anger and frustration over his marriage in a number of musical works , most notably between 1897 and 1904 , a period which he sometimes called his " psychological " period.
In most individuals , this DQ2.5 isoform is encoded by one of two chromosomes 6 inherited from parents ( <unk> ).
In mid @-@ January 2007 , a volume key was published by another member of the Doom9 forum along with an explanation of the technique used to obtain it.
He then appears in an elevator where he meets Wiz Khalifa and Big Sean , who then raps his verse.
Like all stratovolcanoes , Mount Cleveland grew as explosive eruptions , effusive eruptions , and lahars built it layer by layer into a concave @-@ up shape.
Frederick also had a very good relationship with his uncle , King Frederick William IV , who has been called " the romantic on the throne " ..
Because they have to carry the large water tank and fuel for the burner , snow melting machines tend to be much larger and heavier than most winter service vehicles , at around 18 metres ( 59 ft ) , with the largest being hauled by semi @-@ trailer tractor units.
Seattle pushed up the field and Montero took a shot which bounced off of teammate Nkufo 's back.
The editor found the name one character too long to fit in the printing form , and dropped the first " a " in Cleaveland — a change that was adopted by the public.
President Adams later wrote that Talleyrand 's confession to Gerry was significant in his decision to continue efforts to maintain peace.
The Haynes @-@ Apperson advertisement was clearly false , but after Duryea 's company went bankrupt in 1898 , there was no one to continue to dispute the claim.
SMS Stuttgart was a Königsberg @-@ class light cruiser of the Kaiserliche Marine , named after the city of Stuttgart.
As with Kasumi 's , Ayane 's age has not been listed in the Western versions of the games to avoid backlash regarding characters portrayed as underage ; according to Itagaki , Ayane 's age in Ninja Gaiden would " cause problems with the ESRB.
Hence , in September 1916 Bruce sought to resign his commission and return to Australia to resume management of the family business.
P.S. Krøyer , who arrived in 1882 , was perhaps the most colourful member of the group.
This resulted in a number of glider pilots being unable to identify their landing areas and losing their bearings ; a number of gliders landed in the wrong areas or crashed.
On 23 June 1961 , Queen Maud Land became part of the Antarctic Treaty System , making it a demilitarised zone.
It should be noted that for most species a comprehensive understanding of diet is known for only the breeding season , when the albatrosses regularly return to land and study is possible.
Rivera collected several awards at season 's end , including his third Delivery Man Award , his fifth AL Rolaids Relief Man Award , and the 2009 Sporting News Pro Athlete of the Year Award.
At around 16 : 30 UTC ( 2 : 00 a.m. local time ) on February 19 , Lam made landfall – moved ashore – along Northern Territory between Milingimbi Island and Elcho Island at peak intensity.
In July 2007 , Gavin Hood was hired as director.
She attacks because her words have consequences , clearing a path for her own selfish interests.
By 1923 , having to choose between Baldwin and Lord Curzon , George V decided that " the requirements of the present times " obliged him to appoint a Prime Minister from the Commons.
Gordie Howe made his debut in 1946 , and retired 35 seasons later as the NHL 's all @-@ time leader in goals and points.
Donkey Kong is one of the most important titles from the Golden Age of Video Arcade Games , and is one of the most popular arcade games of all time ..
Typically reaching 1 @.@ 2 – 1 @.@ 3 m ( 3 @.@ 9 – 4 @.@ 3 ft ) in length , this shark has a unique , bright golden color on its head , sides , and fins , which was only scientifically documented in the 1980s.
Also , all of the dancers joined in for the final dance section of " Holiday " , which usually only featured Madonna and her two backing singers.
It was built upon 50 acres of land near a busy intersection in Roseville , Minnesota.
The surface of the toe pads is formed from a closely packed layer of flat @-@ topped , hexagonal epidermal cells separated by grooves into which glands secrete mucus.
Mass Effect 2 : Overlord received positive reviews from critics.
The fact that the damage seems to have healed suggests that the Edmontosaurus survived a tyrannosaur 's attack on a living target , i.e. the tyrannosaur had attempted active predation.
The ship was named after Admiral Franz von Hipper , commander of the German battlecruiser squadron during the Battle of Jutland in 1916 and later commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the German High Seas Fleet ..
The Independent notes " his passivity [ in Less Than Zero ] has hardened into something far more culpable , and nefarious.
The parks offer services to visitors , ranging from traditional park services like camping and fishing to activities like archery and disc golf ..
Stettin was the only ship of the class built by a private shipbuilding firm , by AG Vulcan in her namesake city.
He testified that his cannabis use had declined over the previous year , stating : " I feel I have outgrown it ".
Vick testified that he intended to live a better life after prison.
Criterion 's producer from the project stated that the video transfer was sourced from a film print that filmmaker Martin Scorsese had acquired while visiting Russia ..
With the changes to the show , Moffat wanted to reassure the audience that " nothing has really been lost " and it was the same show and the same character of the Doctor.
In 1994 , the need to replace the bridge resulted in a state and federal promise of $ 20 million , but this was rejected by the Connecticut Department of Transportation in 1995 ..
Giant elands give large quantities of tender meat and high @-@ quality hides even if fed a low @-@ quality diet.
On the morning of July 24 , deep convection briefly redeveloped over the center as Bonnie emerged into the Gulf of Mexico.
A 2005 molecular phylogeny , based on rDNA analysis , suggests that salamanders and caecilians are more closely related to each other than they are to frogs.
Once an hour , in an attempt to fill the gap in their sector , they ran a jeep patrol up and down the line to stay in contact with units on their right and left flank and to detect any enemy movement.
" A documentary movie Aaliyah Live in Amsterdam was released in 2011 , shortly before the tenth anniversary of Aaliyah 's death.
The next day the IOC and the International Judo Federation announced that agreement had been reached on a hijab that she could wear.
Garrard supported pro @-@ squatting legislation , including measures that forbade the collection of taxes from squatters on profits they made from working the land they occupied and that required landowners to pay squatters for any improvements they made on their land.
By winning the 1956 NCAA Championship with USF and the 1957 NBA title with the Celtics , Russell became the first of only four players in basketball history to win an NCAA championship and an NBA Championship back @-@ to @-@ back ( the others being Henry Bibby , Magic Johnson , and Billy Thompson ).
It is a mostly nocturnal predator , hunting for a range of different prey species , predominately small mammals but also birds of varying sizes , reptiles , amphibians , fish , large insects and other assorted invertebrates.
The highest populations are found from March to August ( fall and winter ) , while the lowest are from October to December ( spring ).
Phips himself had displayed no natural military talents to offset his lack of experience.
Birthdays of Rabindranath Tagore and Kazi Nazrul Islam are observed respectively as Rabindra Jayanti and Nazrul Jayanti ..
All power units have to be started at a height that includes a margin that would still allow a safe landing out to be made , if there were a failure to start ..
The game was digitally distributed through WiiWare and Telltale 's own website , and later through Steam and Amazon.com. Ports for OS X , the PlayStation Network , and iOS were released several months after the series ended ..
He had trouble making decisions , not because he was a <unk> , but because he was not well ..
The state cited that this new northerly alignment , funded by the cancellation of the Somerset Freeway , would serve better needs of the people.
If an inspection team gathers on wrongdoing and corruption in general , the information is passed on to either the Organization Department or the CCDI.
The performance marked the first time back @-@ up dancers were featured in the show.
It was the first book of the kind that anyone had yet written.
In February 1962 , he purchased the film rights for the Broadway musical My Fair Lady , paying an unprecedented $ 6 @.@ 5 million.
Henry 's successor , Richard I , paid relatively little attention to Kenilworth , but under King John significant building resumed at the castle.
Amnesty International also claims that the RPF rules Rwanda " without any meaningful opposition " ..
Since chaos has traditionally been associated with the female ontogenetic principle as opposed to male principle of order , the video in turn came to be associated with duality between order / chaos , male / female , good / evil , light / dark etc.
During Lindwall 's sixth over , Weekes missed an attempted hook shot after hesitating.
The data was filtered to include only those aftershocks within 150 km ( 93 mi ) of the epicenter.
The brigade failed to capture Nofilia ; although it cut the road , the Germans escaped during the night.
Peace was again reached in late 1599 , when Michael was unable to continue the war due to lack of support from his allies ..
At the time there was no national grid , and the steelworks which occupied much of the Lower Don Valley needed additional electrical power.
George Bernard Shaw ( 26 July 1856 – 2 November 1950 ) , known at his insistence simply as Bernard Shaw , was an Irish playwright , critic and polemicist whose influence on Western theatre , culture and politics extended from the 1880s to his death and beyond.
At the beginning of the 21st century , when the northern polar region came into view , the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) and Keck telescope initially observed neither a collar nor a polar cap in the northern hemisphere.
Finding no allies , he attempted to return to Iowa but events overtook him and led to the Battle of Stillman 's Run.
The DVD single was released on June 30 , 2000 , which included new artwork of Utada in the speed bike , and the music video and the behind the scenes video.
Jack <unk> , who continued working on the Daily Worker , died in 1966.
" In a preface to the published script , issued in 1948 , Hammerstein tried again to make his point :.
According to a scholarly theory , Ibn Rusta 's report shows that the Khazar fort at Sarkel , which was built in the 830s , was one of the forts protecting the Khazars against the Magyars ..
Abdulla al @-@ Mahroos is a religious and political activist , vice president of al @-@ <unk> Society for Orphans and a vocal critic of the government.
Water @-@ based recreation is available near the pass as well , particularly on the Roaring Fork side.
The rise in global demand has been driven by high growth rates in glass fiber , fiberglass and borosilicate glassware production.
Unable to earn anyone 's faith in his capabilities , he handles the film @-@ making himself.
The profits he consequently earned were reinvested to create the <unk> wholesale company in 1998.
Francisco Ximénez , who first revealed the K 'iche ' epic Popul Vuh to the world , visited Q 'umarkaj in the final years of the 17th century.
He is framed for her murder and forced to become an assassin , seeking revenge on those who conspired against him.
Following these tests , the vehicle was sent to NASA Ames for a wind tunnel testing ..
By May 2004 , Almost There had sold over 1 @.@ 5 million copies , and of April 2006 it has sold over 2 @.@ 2 million copies.
Considering these assumptions , Consumer Reports considers that " at this point we believe it ’ s still unclear how the Volt will fare.
In late 1969 , Genesis retreated to a cottage that MacPhail 's parents owned in Wotton , Surrey to write , rehearse , and develop their stage performance.
According to the sheetmusic published at musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group , the song is composed in the key of F major and is set in time signature of common time with a tempo of 112 beats per minute.
Moran 's well @-@ financed campaign also focused on Parris ' opposition to abortion.
In a 1981 publication in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , considered to be the first journal article on nanotechnology , he argued that biological systems such as the ribosome were already capable of building molecules atom @-@ by @-@ atom , and that artificial machines with this capability could also be constructed.
His queen is Isis , who , along with Osiris and his murderer Set , is one of the children of the earth god Geb and the sky goddess Nut.
The Make @-@ Up formed in 1995 , consisting of Svenonius , Canty , and Gamboa from Nation of Ulysses , and with the addition of Michelle Mae on bass guitar.
Meanwhile , Kelly is forced to choose between Ryan Howard ( B.J. Novak ) and a new man , Ravi ..
But by the 1940s , the Sociedad was supported by the government ..
He realizes that Mercedes ( Amber Riley ) has become popular since joining the cheerleading squad , and resolves to date her.
The plastered floors in the houses were said to have been spacious.
At present in the United States there are three different levels of scrutiny.
The Masons and <unk> had adjacent lands in Maryland , and had joined together in real estate transactions ; by his death in 1764 , William <unk> was one of the wealthiest men in Charles County.
Malkovich explains : " I play a guy called Bruce Brazos , who 's just a loudmouth , kind of business man who 's Shia 's character 's boss.
The conformational states from Rosetta 's software can be used to initialize a Markov state model as starting points for Folding @ home simulations.
The Savoy Orpheans and the Savoy Havana Band were described by The Times as " probably the best @-@ known bands in Europe ".
A column of men under Colonel Anthony Wayne fared only a little better , arriving out of the swamp only to face Fraser 's formation.
Mobilisation was later authorised , but both battalions would remain in Britain for the duration of the Second World War.
Tamil language is taught in Canada and South Africa for the local Tamil minority populations.
Ibn Hamdan 's troops reportedly captured 500 horses and 400 silver necklaces as well.
The facility was known as the Clinton Laboratories , and was operated by the University of Chicago as part of the Metallurgical Laboratory project ..
<unk> and grunts are made when there are changes in the surrounding environment such as changes in weather or animal movement in proximity to the group.
" Loretta was initially paired with Dom and , after ending their relationship , was given links to other characters in the series.
Mulder is driven back to Area 51 along with two other Men in Black , Howard Grodin and Jeff Smoodge.
When Marina kisses her , Jenny sees her life going into a tailspin and forces her to reckon with herself.
After losing their supply train , the plight of the French army was terrible.
A second ship , to be named Fatih Sultan Mehmed , was ordered in April 1914 ..
Within its range , it is generally migratory , moving from alpine and subalpine regions to lowlands in winter , although the breeding and non @-@ breeding ranges overlap.
McGill 's Gault Nature Reserve ( 45 ° 32 ′ N 73 ° 10 ′ W ) spans over 10 square kilometres ( 3 @.@ 9 sq mi ) of forest land , the largest remaining remnant of the primeval forests of the St. Lawrence River Valley.
During the second period of redevelopment , however , Scotland won an important 1998 World Cup qualifier against Sweden at Ibrox ..
The Mint 's coinage was decreased due to yellow fever epidemics in Philadelphia in 1796 , 1797 , 1801 , and 1803 ; it struck fewer eagles in those four years , giving priority to more popular coins ..
Other smaller villages include Bridgend , Ballygrant , Port Charlotte , Portnahaven and Port Askaig.
The Seattle metropolitan area is the 15th largest metropolitan area in the United States with over 3 @.@ 7 million inhabitants.
At the time Bruce was playing as a midfielder , but he was switched to the centre of defence by the head of Gillingham 's youth scheme , Bill Collins , whom Bruce cites as the single biggest influence on his career ..
" Before release , it premiered at the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles , and the Venice Film Festival at the ArcLight Hollywood.
Prpić bolstered the force on the Mostar – Nevesinje road with the 17th Battalion , recently arrived from Sarajevo , and sent his deputy , Colonel Antun Prohaska to command it.
Michael Massee plays the mysterious man in the shadows who talks with Connors in his prison cell in a teaser scene during the end credits.
" In comments recorded by his biographer Richard Specht , Mahler makes no mention of the original four @-@ movement plans.
T Coronae Borealis is a binary star with a red @-@ hued giant primary and a white dwarf secondary , the two stars orbiting each other over a period of approximately 8 months.
Black endorsed Roosevelt in both the 1932 and 1936 US Presidential elections and was a staunch supporter of the New Deal ..
They crossed paths at the Ombifotsy ( " White Zebu " ) river , so named because the two sacrificed a white zebu there in honor of their friendship and the peace agreement between their two territories of Imamo and Imerina.
Critics also argue that charging more to drive is elitist policy , pricing the poor off of roads so that the wealthy can move about unencumbered.
The animal rests in cover during rain events.
However , urbanization and pollution instigated reductions in range area.
Gainesville reported 3 @.@ 25 in ( 83 mm ) on May 28 , which broke the previous daily rainfall record.
He held the position from 2008 to 2009 , during the peak of the Taliban insurgency , and assisted American General Stanley A. McChrystal , then commander of ISAF , in redesigning the military strategy to combat the insurgency.
I know we 're driving them insane with these last @-@ minute changes , but we know it 's all for the right reasons.
Neighbours ' timeslot presented difficulties for the storyline.
Women could wear the dress with the top few buttons undone , revealing a glimpse of their <unk> underneath ..
The first season of Dexter is based on the novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter by Jeff Lindsay.
The drawing room was built and the main hall enlarged for the occasion , with £ 1 @,@ 300 spent on the banquet , an exorbitant sum for the period.
Percy Aldridge Grainger ( 8 July 1882 – 20 February 1961 ) was an Australian @-@ born composer , arranger and pianist.
On June 19 , however , Diefenbaker addressed a Conservative organizing committee , and on August 6 , was nominated as the party 's candidate for the federal riding of Prince Albert , a district in which the party 's last candidate had lost his election deposit.
” John Brosnan , writing in The Primal Scream , found that , “ As a condensed version of the serial , the film is fine but the old black @-@ and @-@ white version , though understandably creaky in places and with inferior effects , still works surprisingly well , having more time to build up a disturbing atmosphere.
After being crowned by Pope Honorius III in Rome , he set sail from Brindisi in April 1217.
After examining several sites for a new plant to manufacture <unk> , a type of synthetic rubber essential to the war effort , chemicals manufacturer IG Farben chose a site near the towns of <unk> and <unk> ( Monowitz in German ) , about 7 kilometres ( 4 @.@ 3 mi ) east of Auschwitz I and 3 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 9 mi ) east of the town of Oświęcim.
The 2012 Tour de France began on 30 June , and stage 10 occurred on 11 July.
White 's winning percentage is about the same for tournament games between humans and games between computers.
Costs to rebuild were covered by $ 475 million in Liberty Bonds , which provide tax @-@ exempt financing to help stimulate rebuilding in Lower Manhattan and insurance money that remained after other expenses ..
Torres ' parents are José Torres and Flori Sanz.
A fifth Clan , SkyClan , is driven out by the other Clans when its territory is destroyed by humans building a town , and it scatters shortly after arriving at a new home in a gorge.
They surmise , rather , that earlier reported specimens of Novisuccinea ovalis were instead immature Novisuccinea chittenangoensis.
The greatest poet of the age , Geoffrey Chaucer , served the king as a diplomat , a customs official and a clerk of The King 's Works while producing some of his best @-@ known work.
While control of the House of Representatives went over to the Republicans in the 112th Congress , the Senate stayed Democratic and McCain continued to be the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
At the time of its release , it was the third highest @-@ grossing animated film of all time , after The Lion King ( 1994 ) and Aladdin ( 1992 ).
This was also the final race at which the Minardi team tallied points ..
Pop @-@ rock has been defined as an " upbeat variety of rock music represented by artists such as Elton John , Paul McCartney , the Everly Brothers , Rod Stewart , Chicago , and Peter Frampton.
The strings of eggs absorb water and swell in size , and small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks.
Once an individual is three years or older , it is considerably more likely to be involved in conflict.
Orton measured Batista for a punt kick , but instead received a signature running knee from Bryan.
This is a reference to the previous second season episode , " Practice Date " , which establishes Ron 's secret identity as a jazz musician.
Glazed and Infused in Chicago , Illinois serves customers the traditional glazed old @-@ fashioned as well as a unique twist on the doughnut they like to call the lemon poppy seed old @-@ fashioned doughnut.
On 1 July 1983 , after the government procured two more 707s for $ 7 @.@ 5 million from <unk> Canada , No. 33 Flight was reorganised as No. 33 Squadron under Grierson 's command.
In April of that year he offered it to the Philadelphia Museum of Art , but the painting was rejected for having " no relation to the stream of 20th century art ".
One adviser to Jackson stated , " You can take pictures of Michael 's dick and he 's not gonna like it , but once you start trying to figure out how much money he has , that 's where he stops playing around.
New York State Route 36 ( NY 36 ) is a north – south state highway in the western part of New York in the United States.
During the tour Editors were nominated for a Brit Award , in the Best British Group Category.
She undertakes an experiment to activate MysTech , apparently causing the destruction of Sunder.
Pundits and coaches sometimes characterized Turner as a quarterback who did not excel during practices , but executed well on game @-@ day.
Scott Frost carried the ball nine times for 62 yards and two touchdowns for the Cornhuskers , and Ahman Green , despite being hampered by his injured foot , managed seven carries for 52 yards.
He rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel and commanded the 1st Battalion , Royal Australian Regiment in the mid @-@ 1980s before his death in 1991 ..
She was committed to the psychiatric ward of Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and put on 5150 involuntary psychiatric hold.
The song 's disdain for the customs of the upper classes hit a chord with working class audiences.
Almost immediately after retirement , several NHL teams approached him about an ownership role.
Jesús Grovas , HBO 's corporate communication manager for Mexico and Central America said that it was " a pleasure to have on screen the music of a songwriter like Ricardo Arjona , which is warranty of quality ".
After an initial goalless draw in the following round against Chelsea , Cardiff played them once again at Ninian Park in the replay.
They were also interested in archaeological pursuits , although for rather different reasons than why Shen Kuo held an interest in archaeology.
The album was completed on November 2013 , and a bonus disc was also made for the album , containing the leftover material from the main album as well as songs from Ghost 2 , the unreleased compilation of leftover tracks from Ghost.
Green vegetables such a peas and green beans do not have such high amounts of vitamin K1 as leafy greens.
In 1847 – 8 several of the old houses associated with the cathedral on the west side were demolished , and some minor changes were made to the boundary wall.
Selenium 's semiconductor properties found numerous other applications in electronics.
Tan helped Lim because " she loved [ him ] " , and Hoe was simply misled into helping the crimes.
She has often been described as a perfectionist who routinely makes impossible , arbitrary demands of subordinates : " kitchen scissors at work , " in the words of one commentator.
His grandson , Ed Blake III , has continued in the footsteps of his father and grandfather as a pitcher in high school.
St. John reported that he watched two episodes , but never tried to mimic Howarth 's style because he felt that it was limiting , uncreative , and destructive.
The relationship between Lwaxana and Timicin " has a believable core " , even if it is " broad and arguably rushed " , writes Handlen.
Jack refuses to help , but Ianto later gives Gwen a GPS device with coordinates to a hidden location , leading Gwen to a facility on Flat Holm.
The next year , Letcher was re @-@ elected to the post without opposition ..
Particularly notable is the " duel of the songs " between Strasser and Laszlo at Rick 's cafe.
Wenger believed the result gave Arsenal a psychological boost for the Champions League campaign , as the club planned to stage their home matches at Wembley Stadium.
He amended the militia act allowing the use of all available volunteers and ordered enhanced training of these raw recruits , despite opposition from the provincial legislature.
The news also revealed that former President George W. Bush returned to Texas after losing the 2004 election and reformed the confederacy , along with eight other states from the southern United States resulting in a Second Civil War.
Four Skyhawks were destroyed in accidents during the mid @-@ 1970s.
During the morning session , students studied either classics or English ; however , the afternoon was devoted to English.
The overlap between NY 20N and NY 173 ended 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) to the east in the village of Manlius , where NY 92 and NY 20SY joined both routes just west of where NY 173 split from NY 20N and continued to the east.
A development team was formed , which decided to create the game using Defender 's hardware ..
Because of the lack of written records , information on the class largely came from interviews of Japanese officers following Japan 's surrender ..
Richard Gasquet , who was initially going to play , withdrew prior to his first match after suffering from right shoulder injury.
There isn 't anything there to report.
He was early drawn to art , and decided to become an artist when his first @-@ grade teacher told him that " Ward " spelled backward was " draw ".
Led by Allen , Temple enjoyed a 29 – 5 season , captured a share of the Atlantic 10 conference regular season championship with a 14 – 2 record , and culminated in a third consecutive Atlantic 10 conference tournament title and an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
In the late 1960s Harry Scott published his reminiscences of Formby , The Fabulous Formby , in 14 issues of The Vellum , the magazine of the George Formby Society ; John Fisher published George Formby in 1975 before Alan Randall and Ray Seaton published their book in 1974 and David Bret produced George Formby : A Troubled Genius in 1999.
She returned to Berlin in 1934 , where she too worked at the car rental agency.
McClellan 's army was on the hill in force ..
Greyhound and her sister , Griffin , attacked some of the Italian destroyers , but lost them when they passed through their own smokescreen.
In 1858 , he married Lucretia ; they would have seven children , five of whom survived infancy.
A second edition was released in June 2006.
As she grew , Flocke 's diet was enriched with dog food , and boiled bones were supplied for her to chew on when she was three months old.
Comparisons were made between Lander 's Peak and The Heart of the Andes , a contemporary painting by one of Bierstadt 's main rivals in the landscape genre , Frederic Edwin Church.
Eight additional boats with 60 occupants were reported missing.
The all @-@ star benefit followed a similar Jackson @-@ effort , " We Are the World " , which raised millions of dollars for famine relief in Africa.
At the end of the season , there was a consensus that " The giant center of Michigan practically stands in a class by himself at the pivot position ".
The municipality has 21 wards and there is an elected councillor for each of those wards.
The film sees the return of lead cast members Malcolm McDowell , Scout Taylor @-@ Compton , and Tyler Mane , who portray Dr. Loomis , Laurie Strode , and Michael Myers in the 2007 film , respectively ..
Described by her biographer Wes Gehring as " a free @-@ spirited tomboy " , the young Lombard was passionately involved in sports and enjoyed watching movies.
She had created an artwork the year before for autism awareness and allowed it to be auctioned off in 67 parts to benefit the organization.
Starting in 1939 , United States Coast Guard vessels were being used as weather ships to protect transatlantic air commerce , as a response to the crash of Pan American World Airways Hawaii Clipper during a transpacific flight in 1938.
Dromtön built Reting Monastery in Lhünzhub County in 1056.
Glenn Gamboa from Newsday called the show " fierce " and " brainy " , saying that the singer " fired up " from the moment she took the stage , displaying an avant @-@ garde artistic sensibility.
Needing a short piece to round out an evening 's entertainment featuring the popular Offenbach operetta La Périchole he brought W. S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan together.
Animal tests may overestimate risk , with false positive results being a particular problem , but false positives appear not to be prohibitively common.
When the entrance was changed , the Rocket Recovery and Mission Control rooms were closed , leaving the Repair Bay the only room guests walked through ..
Notably , he was requested to write the 100th episode of the series , by then called The Ward , which aired in October 1996.
The sleeve functioned like a real Zippo lighter case , opening at a side hinge to reveal the record within.
Newborn calves can stand on their feet within half @-@ an @-@ hour of birth.
Despite Christof 's controls , Truman manages to act in unexpected ways.
In Argentine society , Messi is generally held in lesser esteem than Maradona , a consequence of not only his uneven performances with the national team , but also of differences in class , personality , and background.
They may be a variety of colors , such as white to yellow , olive green , shades of orange , light brown , or dark brown in age ..
Mercurio argues that Goodhue 's design is a better example of modernism because it has less ornamentation.
This team would give the Triangles their only two losses of the year.
In 1968 , at the International Convention of Christian Churches ( Disciples of Christ ) , those Christian Churches that favored a denominational structure , wished to be more ecumenical , and also accepted more of the modern liberal theology of various denominations , adopted a new " provisional design " for their work together , becoming the Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ ).
She bore <unk> and Panopeus to <unk> ; the brothers did not get along , quarreling while still in the womb.
The final was criticised by the media , with both teams receiving flak.
The FT queried why , this being the case , KPMG had signed off on the 2009 accounts.
Burgate was rebuilt in brick from 1475 onwards , again thanks to public contributions , but it was not completed until 1525 , furnished with gunports and anachronistic battlements.
Until the Enlightenment era , the crucifixion darkness story was often used by Christian apologists because they believed it was a rare example of the biblical account being supported by non @-@ Christian sources.
It was 8 : 00 am and the front line had been advanced by barely 320 metres ( 350 yd ) ..
Players can also be killed as the result of taking incorrect actions related to the game 's story ..
When the unit arrived at Keesler they were driven past the barracks to what Green would later describe as " a tent city.
The song " <unk> " , which is included in the track listing of the album , is performed as an original song by Astudillo.
After a summer course at the Marine Biological Laboratory , she continued her studies in zoology and genetics at Johns Hopkins in the fall of 1929 ..
Former storyboard artist Niki Yang voices the sentient video game console BMO in English , as well as Jake 's girlfriend Lady Rainicorn in Korean.
Regardless , the cyclone 's circulation had obscured most of Hainan and the Gulf of Tonkin and reached into adjacent Vietnam , and its forward speed slowed to a crawl.
With the help of Charles Drummond Ellis , he worked on the ionisation of phosphorus , and the photochemical reaction of carbon monoxide and chlorine.
Setting out from Wave Hill on 23 April , Eaton led a ground party across rough terrain that reached the crash site four days later and buried the crew , who had perished of thirst and exposure.
This section consists largely of open space , meandering pathways skirting the perimeter , a bandstand and some flowerbeds.
Marquee Moon sold fewer than 80 @,@ 000 copies in the US and failed to chart on the Billboard 200.
In 1872 , the year of the first reliable national census , white Brazilians represented just over a third ( 38 @.@ 1 % ) of the total population ; in 1890 , they had increased to a little under half ( 44 @.@ 0 % ) of all Brazilians ..
On May 7 , 2014 , Fox cancelled the series after its first season ..
If all of the Time Crates on a track are destroyed , the player 's final time will be reduced by ten seconds.
When the match begins , L Dubba E defeats JTRO in the first round but JTRO perseveres and wins the second and third rounds.
In more recent times the monastery fell into disrepair , and in the 1960s it was closed by Albania 's Communist authorities ; in 1967 the reliquary with the saint 's relics was moved to St Mary 's Church in Elbasan.
The storm remained a Category 3 hurricane for about four days and gradually moved in west @-@ northwestward direction.
When he said , ' I 'm hungry , ' that was the only take that I didn 't laugh.
" Shortly afterward , King George said " There will be no Heaven for me if Octavius is not there.
A key group of research scientists , fishermen , officials , educators , and marine biologists was formed in 2006 to discuss whether or not to make Davidson Seamount a National Marine Sanctuary under the National Marine Sanctuaries Act , and if so whether to make it its own sanctuary , or incorporate it into the nearby Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary.
On May 27 , 2009 Mephisto defeated La Sombra to win the NWA World Welterweight Championship.
In 1927 , plans were made to replace the 1914 @-@ built county @-@ maintained bascule bridge over the Lewes and Rehoboth Canal in Lewes.
The partisan nature of the Canningites and the Egyptians ensured that the trial of Elizabeth Canning became one of the most notorious criminal mysteries in 18th @-@ century English law.
The woman is separated from the group , she is perhaps a postulant about to be initiated into the coven.
The Jaguars also performed valuable reconnaissance of the combat area for Coalition forces.
Each gun was 736 inches ( 18 @,@ 700 mm ) long overall ; its bore and rifling length were 720 @-@ inch ( 18 @,@ 000 mm ) and 616 @.@ 9 @-@ inch ( 15 @,@ 670 mm ) , respectively.
The girl has pale skin , almond and slightly oriental eyes and a petulant mouth.
<unk> frequently caused riots and disturbances including those known as the Western Rising ..
<unk> of Dinamani described Mary an antithesis of Savitri 's role in Devadasu ( 1953 ).
" David Edwards , of Daily Mirror , stated that while he felt that the film is a " success " he overall disliked the film , having felt that " as an exercise in wringing every last penny from Jackson 's legacy " the film " most certainly isn 't it " a tribute.
Maisu was given to Mau on behalf of all the voyaging families and organizations that actively continue to sail and practice the traditions taught by Mau Piailug ..
In early 2007 , Matusow appeared on two episodes of Poker After Dark where he finished 3rd and 2nd respectively.
Both Downey and Cruise received nominations from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for Golden Globes for Best Supporting Actor.
The photograph shows high hedgebanks in bright sunshine , dwarfing the figure of a woman in the middle distance ..
He was a member of the Executive Committee that handled negotiations during the 1982 NFL strike , an experience that earned him great praise from NFL negotiator Jack Donlan.
At the time , both the Soviet secret police and the military establishment in general wanted to strengthen the authority of the Soviet Government and so they too supported Pavlov 's program.
Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame commissioned a permanent exhibit , and Fox was named the winner of the Lou Marsh Award for 1980 as the nation 's top athlete.
At the time of Anne 's birth , the Boleyn family was considered one of the most respected in the English aristocracy.
The associated processes cannot be studied with the required accuracy by direct measurements of current velocities ( of the order 50 meters per year ).
The Legislative Council has 70 members , 40 seats are directly elected by universal suffrage by permanent residents of Hong Kong according to five geographical constituencies and a District Council functional constituency.
The letter is written and painted in vellum by a College artist and <unk>.
The overall Malaysian poverty rate had shrunk from 50 % at independence to 7 %.
On 21 November 1942 , Derrick was briefly admitted to the 2 / 3rd Australian Field Ambulance with slight shrapnel wounds to his right hand and buttock.
He reorganised island agriculture , was instrumental in the rebuilding of the village ( see below ) and supervised the building of a new church and manse.
She declines payment and hints she would prefer preferential treatment when Leslie cuts the classes , despite Leslie 's assurance this will not happen.
Huston tried to buy it in 1957 , but was told the original negative of what he had filmed was destroyed ..
Evidences for the king bearing the title are two inscriptions in Palmyrene dialect ; one posthumous dedication describing him as MTQNNʿ of the East ( derived from the Aramaic root <unk> , meaning to set in order ) , and the other describing his heir Vaballathus with the same title albeit using the word <unk> instead of MTQNNʿ ..
Birds of Prey received cancellation in early 2009 , with the final issue being # 127 ..
They find Green 's body before Crater tries to frighten them away with phaser fire.
On New Year 's Day 1910 , Meeker and his wagon and team participated in the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena ..
In October 1986 , Slayer embarked on the Reign in Pain world tour , with Overkill in the US , and Malice in Europe.
At Volume 23 , Lane and Neveah successfully defended their titles against The International Home Wrecking Crew ( Rain and Jetta ) in a two out of three falls match.
U.S. diplomats were concerned that the move would be seen as a power grab , as Diệm was organising and driving an electoral process in which he was a candidate.
The Hospitaller chapel was converted to a mosque and two mihrabs were added to the interior ..
She wore a red catsuit and long black trenchcoat for the performance.
The operation was scheduled for June 1943 , so the pace of construction work was lifted.
Turing changed only a few of the standard <unk> ; for instance , <unk> and <unk> , which mean " no effect " and " <unk> " in the teleprinter code , were represented by the characters " / " and " @ " respectively.
They had a fixed loading angle of + 12 degrees , but there is uncertainty on their new maximum elevation , with some sources citing a maximum value of + 27 degrees , while others claim one of + 30 degrees.
Retired Rear Admiral Edward Ellsberg proposed using external pontoons to raise the wreck in 1951 , the same method of marine salvage he had used on the sunken submarine S @-@ 51 , for the cost of $ 250 @,@ 000.
The plunder of the town , for the second time in ten years , is described in considerable detail in the <unk>.
<unk> tunicates on a large scale may be possible and the economics of doing so are attractive.
The Church of Scientology describes Hubbard in hagiographic terms , and he portrayed himself as a pioneering explorer , world traveler , and nuclear physicist with expertise in a wide range of disciplines , including photography , art , poetry , and philosophy.
However occasioned , the connection lasted the rest of Burges 's life and led to his most important works.
NEC later used the same strategy on some of Sega 's titles when developing games for the TurboGrafx @-@ 16.
Juveniles differ mostly in their lack of black @-@ speckling on the breast and belly and by their greyish legs ..
Gentrification was also aided by the Atlanta Housing Authority 's eradication of the city 's public housing ..
" It asserted that " this combat might have looked like a mass killing in the eyes of frightened Muslim soldiers , although they carried weapons and shot at Bosnian Serb soldiers randomly.
Damage throughout the territory totaled $ 60 million ( 1961 USD ) , and a total of 307 deaths were reported ; more than 100 of the fatalities were in Belize City , including 36 who evacuated to a British administration building that was later destroyed in the storm.
The Bulls allowed other teams to score an average of 27 points against them per game , which ranked 73rd in the country ..
Finally , a revived Anti @-@ Masonic Party nominated John W. Phelps , another Civil War general , on a platform of opposition to Freemasonry.
This effectively established the Hospice de Saint @-@ Pélagie as a religious community , of which Bourget proclaimed Sophie Raymond to be the superior.
The work was performed by Reinertsen and took 100 @,@ 000 man @-@ hours ..
Actors , rappers and unknowns all tried out.
Patrick Mulkern of Radio Times admitted he was unsure if he was going to like it with the " grungy setting , wacko characters and peculiar dialogue " , but ended up " captivated ".
If a rodent dies inside the plastic , the subsequent botulism toxins released can contaminate the entire bale ..
PA 997 crosses PA 433 in Culbertson and heads north along the eastern border of Letterkenny Army Depot to Pleasant Hall , where it crosses PA 533.
Lépine then separated the nine women from the approximately fifty men and ordered the men to leave.
Lincoln promptly appointed Morton as an associate justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ( SJC ) , a post he would hold until 1840 ..
Aswad found the songs feature " mellifluous melodies ".
Mega found Whack Ball easy and did not expect players to maintain interest in it for longer than an hour.
Throughout the 1840s and 1850s he composed little , although he performed as a pianist and directed the Philharmonic Society for ten years.
Upon exiting the roll , the train immediately enters an immelmann loop.
The ensuing 18 @-@ month period apart , which he later called his " lost weekend " , was spent in Los Angeles and New York in the company of May Pang.
These were not the first Oblivion @-@ related Marketplace releases ( the first was a series of dashboard themes and picture packs released prior to Oblivion 's publication , in February 2006 , for a nominal fee ) nor were they entirely unexpected : Bethesda had previously announced their desire to support the Xbox release with downloadable Marketplace content , and other publishers had already begun to release similar packages for their games , at similar prices.
At the advice of the I Ching , Cameron returned to Los Angeles , moving in with Booth until the duo were arrested for illegal drug possession.
The Japanese soldier was killed with an Owen gun ..
Together these two battles , known as the Battle of Megiddo , began the Final Offensive of the war in the Sinai and Palestine campaign ..
On the week of September 12 , 2012 , the song debuted at number seven on the Top 20 Digital Tracks chart , based on Nielsen SoundScan data.
Calypso 's early rise was closely connected with the adoption of Carnival by Trinidadian slaves , including <unk> drumming and the music masquerade processions.
" Like the former , Adrien Begrand of PopMatters wrote enthusiastically for both Cavalera Conspiracy and Inflikted ..
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities , followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide.
In December 1913 , he moved to Fort Ethan Allen where he became friends with a fellow lieutenant of the 2nd Cavalry , Frank M. Andrews , who was engaged to the daughter of Brigadier General James Allen.
Dhul @-@ Nun al @-@ Misri and Ibn Wahshiyya were the first historians to study this ancient script , by relating them to the contemporary Coptic language used by Coptic priests in their time.
Other striking examples are the bacteria Escherichia coli evolving the ability to use citric acid as a nutrient in a long @-@ term laboratory experiment , <unk> evolving a novel enzyme that allows these bacteria to grow on the by @-@ products of nylon manufacturing , and the soil bacterium <unk> evolving an entirely new metabolic pathway that degrades the synthetic pesticide <unk>.
Two of the Black Hawk passengers were Colonel Jerry Thompson , U.S. Army , commander of the MCC , and his replacement , Colonel Richard Mulhern , U.S. Army.
The star has a total diameter of 33 millimeters , and is attached to a rectangular suspension device ( boot tree ).
For imparting education in the interior regions , schools were raised in principal towns which eventually were elevated to college level , with each college becoming central to many local schools ( <unk> schools ).
Towns in the region also assisted by supplying thatch to rebuild homes.
You 're put on this world and you want to go home and what is home ? That 's in a lot of way inspired us.
Susan and Mike then make plans to meet for dinner at nearby Torch Lake , where Mike plans to propose.
It was the UK 's 24th best @-@ selling game and the second best @-@ selling original game of 2012.
Despite attempts to calm the situation , in Damascus , Darwaza established and headed the Central Committee for National Jihad in Palestine which echoed Izz al @-@ Din al @-@ Qassam 's call for a holy war against the British and Zionism.
He died " of pestilence " on Islay the following year.
Following the schools ' subsequent expansions , the institute 's former building became the center portion of the administration building of the West Virginia Schools for the Deaf and Blind , which it remains as of June 2015.
The united armies of Géza and Iziaslav defeated Volodimirko 's troops at the San River , forcing Volodimirko to sign a peace treaty with Iziaslav.
They traveled around posing as Quaker doctors , giving rural towns a medicine show where they hawked a patent medicine.
The tail is blackish with a dark green sheen , brownish @-@ black on the underside , with a narrow , cinnamon @-@ coloured band at the end.
" Rick <unk> from The Sacramento Bee praised a reunion between two friends , Sam Malone and Frasier Crane , even when they are different from each other ..
The ruins remained substantially intact until they were devastated by an earthquake in the mid @-@ 18th century and subsequently looted by Moroccan rulers seeking stone for building Meknes.
<unk> to five @-@ year @-@ old children with autism are less likely to exhibit social understanding , approach others spontaneously , imitate and respond to emotions , communicate nonverbally , and take turns with others.
The Persians , meanwhile , had already assembled a joint Phoenician , Cilician , and Cypriot fleet , under the command of the experienced Athenian admiral Conon , which had seized Rhodes in 396 BC.
The then chairman of selectors Peter May questioned the team 's attitude and called for greater resolve , a view that seemed to be shared by the general public at the time ..
As the Civil War raged across the farmlands of Maryland and Pennsylvania at the Battle of Antietam ( 1862 ) and the Battle of Gettysburg ( 1863 ) , the Ridgelys ' Hampton estate remained untouched ..
Van den Bergh 's harquebusiers , discovering the Dutch column emerging from the forest , fired a volley and , turning right , clashed with the Dutch scouts , starting the action.
For most of 1967 and early 1968 , the formation supported the 1st Cavalry Division through Operation Pershing.
However , close relatives of chymotrypsin @-@ like serine proteases are absent in plants.
Passengers said that the carriages of the train began rocking and swaying violently before the train left the rails and careered down an embankment , with the first carriages jack @-@ knifing and most of the train coming to rest in a field.
The following day , 22 August , Shaw became violently ill with fits , similar to the symptoms reported a few years earlier in the American Salem witch trials of 1693.
Chelsea 's victory in the FA Cup final set up a Community Shield match against Manchester City , the winners of the 2011 – 12 Premier League ..
Comparisons with the finds from the salvaged Mary Rose itself have provided an opportunity to compare the accuracy of the records provided in the Roll.
Captain John Whitham 's company of the 12th Battalion moved forward from Bolton 's Ridge when they saw the 6th Battalion moving up behind them.
Any directed graph may be made into a DAG by removing a feedback vertex set or a feedback arc set , a set of vertices or edges ( respectively ) that touches all cycles.
This decision was made to give Stone a new promotional team.
After applying and being passed over three times for the Curtiss Flying School , Verville went to Curtiss , who responded : " No , Mr. Verville you don 't want to be a pilot.
He then ordered the two surviving ships of the 3rd BCS to take position astern of New Zealand , while slowing to 18 knots ( 33 km / h ; 21 mph ) and altering course to the south.
The following year , Ebsary raised her career average above 10 for the first time and was selected in the Australian Under @-@ 23 team.
In an interview with Motor Sport magazine in 2008 , Hill said that the 1995 season , as a whole , " went down , mentally , and it all just got to me ".
The episode was written in February and March by co @-@ executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz and directed in March and April by supervising producer Stephen Williams.
The capital 's two main state @-@ funded opera houses — the Opéra and the Opéra @-@ Comique — followed conservative repertoires that restricted opportunities for young native talent.
The negative attitude to psychiatrists is thereby supported by the state machine and is accompanied by the aggression against the doctors , which increases during the periods of social unrest ..
She accuses Angelou of combining a dozen metaphors in one paragraph and for " obscuring ideas that could be expressed so much more simply and felicitously ".
The christening had taken place , and Ima I was to remain.
Filming took place at several locations in Central Park , including Cleopatra 's Needle and a local casino inn , which marked the first time the location had been filmed.
Merckx contracted a cold and , later , tonsilitis while racing in the spring campaign.
In November 2011 , prosecutors asked for the cases against Ribéry and Benzema to be dropped , saying that the players were not aware that the escort , identified as <unk> <unk> , was 16 years old when they had paid to have sex with her ..
Armistead and Wright , two of Huger 's brigades that had reached the battlefield some time earlier.
De La Hoya gassed out and had remained on his toes for the remainder of the bout , and Trinidad won all the final <unk> judges gave Trinidad a very controversial majority decision , with scores of 115 – 113 , 115 – 114 and 114 – 114 ..
In the absence of the Prussians and Russians the Coalition agreed to the restoration of the Bourbon dynasty.
Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times , awarded the film a perfect score of " A + " and called it " one of the best movies of the [ 21st ] century.
The Retina Display MacBook Pro largely follows the design of the previous generation with its aluminum enclosure and separated black keys.
Eastlake also amassed a private art collection during this period , consisting of paintings that he knew did not interest the trustees.
The programme 's closest rival was a broadcast of the film Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest , which received 20 @.@ 9 % of the audience share.
In the late 1980s he came to feel restricted by the character ; inspired by the revealing autobiographical work of Julie Doucet and Joe Matt and the simple cartooning of fellow Toronto cartoonist Seth , Brown turned to autobiography ..
These regulations apply to truck drivers , commercial and city bus drivers , and school bus drivers who operate CMVs.
The Dykeenies ' musical style has been noted primarily as indie rock , with influences including The Cribs , Bloc Party and The Futureheads.
It states : " Julia Seaton , a rich heiress , has two suitors , Dr. John Seymour , a wealthy physician , and Richard Calhoun , a poor lawyer.
Completeness is expressed using a form of the Cauchy criterion for sequences in H : a pre @-@ Hilbert space H is complete if every Cauchy sequence converges with respect to this norm to an element in the space.
Another element considered for the previous game was the multiplayer component.
Narasimha is shown with eight <unk> the Airavatesvara Temple at Darasuram , a rare image of the Chola period , in black basalt , depicts Shiva as Sharabha.
It is too perfect , jumping up ladders of notes on ' Homeless ' , never catching , never breaking.
Dactyl , being only 1 @.@ 4 kilometres ( 4 @,@ 600 ft ) in diameter , is about one @-@ twentieth the size of Ida.
Parts of the 12th SS @-@ Panzer Division , the 21st Panzer Division and the remains of the 716th Static Infantry Division were moved to Caen , facing I Corps.
To construct the road , the House Armed Services Committee voted to allocate $ 660 @,@ 000 ( about $ 13 @.@ 3 million in 2015 dollars ) for the Navy to give to Imperial County to construct it in February 1956.
Braga and Moore wanted to feature the Borg in the plot , while producer Rick Berman wanted a story involving time travel.
On 30 March 1988 , the first three Tu @-@ 142s arrived at the Indian naval air station of INS Hansa , Goa , after a flight from Simferopol ( <unk> Air Base ) in the Crimean peninsula.
During April and May 1950 she conducted demonstration cruises for guests of the Secretary of the Navy , the Armed Forces Industrial College , Air War College , and the Armed Forces Staff College.
During that time , she appeared in forty @-@ nine feature films , and was one of the leading movie stars during the golden age of Classical Hollywood.
Film Laureate of Blogcritics considered " Because of You " and " Where Is Your Heart " as his two favorite songs from Breakaway , writing " [ Clarkson ] commands these two songs like a seasoned pro and directs herself in her songs the way Steven Spielberg said Barbra Streisand directs herself in her songs as if she 's directing an actor in a movie.
While Melbourne had only been commissioned in 1955 , the de Havilland Sea Venom fighters and Fairey Gannet maritime patrol aircraft operated by the Fleet Air Arm ( FAA ) were becoming obsolete.
Black and White introduced 156 new Pokémon to the franchise , 5 more than the previous record holder Red and Blue , as well as many new features , including a seasonal cycle , rotation battles , fully animated Pokémon sprites and triple battles.
Significant numbers of refugees were Anabaptists and spiritualists , such as the followers of Melchior Hoffman , Caspar <unk> , and Clemens Ziegler.
U.S. underwater operations began on September 14.
In the early part of the 20th century , San Diego hosted two World 's Fairs : the Panama @-@ California Exposition in 1915 and the California Pacific International Exposition in 1935.
Route 162 curves to the northwest , intersecting with Seashore Road ( County Route 603 ).
Hip hop is a cultural movement , of which music is a part.
I am confident we are a match for them.
Restored to health by two weeks at the farm he had purchased in Chappaqua , Greeley returned to the Tribune and a policy of general backing of the Lincoln administration , even having kind words to say about Secretary Seward , his old foe.
Before he leaves , he tells Ellen that he always thought they would have made a great couple.
The 2 / 3rd 's casualties during the campaign amounted to one officer and 41 other ranks killed or wounded.
Spider @-@ Man is one of the most popular and commercially successful superheroes.
If there are functional problems on the leg , the strength of the leg will be 30 or less , where a fully functional leg normally has a strength of 40.
Following a move by a pair of Euskaltel – Euskadi riders , Rui Costa ( Movistar Team ) attacked out of the group as a set @-@ up for his team leader Alejandro Valverde , who followed his move several kilometres later.
Corbin made the Diamondbacks ' Opening Day roster out of spring training in 2013 , pitching in the starting rotation.
" Its success led in part to the departure of guitarist John Frusciante , who preferred the band to remain underground.
Bruce proudly defended his remarks as being factually accurate , citing dictionary definitions of " illiterate " and " peasant.
Alonso regained seventh from Glock when he passed him at the first chicane on lap four as the track began to dry.
In 1967 he acted for the Astor family in the sale of The Times newspaper to Lord Thomson of Fleet.
After the partnership was dissolved , he and Gauri restructured the company as Red Chillies Entertainment , which includes divisions dealing with film and television production , visual effects , and advertising.
Adrian Sanford Fisher ( January 21 , 1914 – March 18 , 1983 ) was an American lawyer and federal public servant , who served from the late 1930s through the early 1980s.
For sea passages the ship 's freeboard could be increased to 1 @.@ 7 meters ( 5 ft 7 in ) by use of removable bulwarks 1 @.@ 1 meters ( 3 ft 7 in ) high.
The rising seawater inundated a bridge crossing the <unk> River under 3 ft ( 0 @.@ 9 m ) of water.
After the release of The Force Unleashed , Robert Workman , also from GameDaily , put the character as one of his favorite Star Wars video game characters.
Thomas Lennon , who had appeared as a doctor in Memento , once again plays a doctor.
To us , he was the expert ".
Along with improving on the action gameplay over Odin Sphere , a great deal of effort was put into making the game 's setting authentic to the period.
Neither of the teams realised that they had competed in the Olympic Games , with the match advertised as part of the world 's fair.
Named for the date of its creation on June 10 , 1999 , it was established for the purpose of coordinating and executing the persecution of Falun Gong.
The prisoner was told to give it a kiss of veneration.
Making for the harbour mouth , the British ship 's bow and stern alternately rose and plunged into the incoming waves ; the propeller at times was spinning in air , requiring a careful hand on the throttle to keep the shaft from running away to destruction.
Rodriguez scored on a sacrifice fly by Robinson Canó.
Caversham 's notable buildings include the heritage listed Lisburn House and several prominent church buildings.
Rachel accepts what she thinks is his proposal of marriage ..
The highway designation was determined to continue west of the county line into Washtenaw County as a northerly bypass of Ann Arbor , but the segment between Canton Center Road and US 12 on Plymouth Road was not built at the time.
Named after Henry Ford 's son , Edsel Ford , the Edsel made its debut as a separate car division on September 4 , 1957 , for the 1958 model year.
A significant difference is that in the novel , Kali loses his arm to a tiger while in the film , he loses it due to it being run over by a lorry ..
She noted that her role did not require her to have much to say , because Kathy was more of an observer throughout most of the film.
Spanish @-@ language news channels Univision , Antena 3 , and Telecinco claimed that the total number of deaths in the siege was greater than 286 and could be as high as 300 ..
This new rate is charged to motorists heading to or from the east along the Atlantic City Expressway at Route 50.
The bishops at the Second Vatican Council reminded Catholics that " devotions should be so drawn up that they harmonize with the liturgical seasons , accord with the sacred liturgy , are in some fashion derived from it , and lead the people to it , since , in fact , the liturgy by its very nature far surpasses any of them.
While pursuing his military career , Marcinkus did not abandon his passion for football.
The recommended changes included eliminating the offices of state treasurer , secretary of state and superintendent of public instruction , holding elections only in odd @-@ numbered years instead of every year , and raising the term limit for the state 's constitutional officers from one term to two consecutive terms.
Urquhart followed Lathbury there but subsequently would not be able to return to Divisional HQ for two days ..
In Otsego , NY 205 continues to run through mostly undeveloped areas to a junction with NY 80.
The peloton 's pace was slower due to the w poor conditions , which caused the riders to arrive two hours later than expected in Naples.
Human interaction with ponies is also a problem ; well meaning but misguided visitors to the forest frequently feed them , which can create dietary problems and cause the ponies to adopt an aggressive attitude in order to obtain human food ..
Castiel saves Sam and captures one of the demons , claiming under Naomi 's orders that he is searching for the second half of the demon tablet and that the demons are searching for a parchment that will allow them to translate it without a Prophet.
The resultant squeal sounded like an <unk> violin , giving it the sobriquet of " the North West fiddle ".
Denouncing army troops who opened fire on protesters , an officer said , " What we did to the people was not heroic.
Like ants and some bees and wasps from the separate order Hymenoptera , termites divide labour among castes consisting of sterile male and female " workers " and " soldiers ".
Tripura has one Central University ( Tripura University ) and one private university ( a branch of the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India ).
Statewide , the storm caused $ 5 @.@ 25 million in crop damage , largely to corn and tobacco.
The film was banned in France until 1974 for its " unflattering " depiction of the French military , and was censored by the Swiss Army until 1970 ..
) Morison also intervened to insist that the letters " J " and " Q " be allowed to elegantly descend below the baseline , something not normal for titling typefaces which were often made to fill up the entire area of the metal type.
The second schedule was conducted in Dubai.
" The fact that almost all the scenes played out in dark , closed quarters wasted The Walking Dead 's gorgeous cinematography ; the pacing was again off beat , with far too much padded scenes of people looking at one another in shock ; and , though I 'm usually not bothered by plot contrivances , there 's no way anyone in a vehicle that close to such a huge explosion would have lived through it.
As a result , 70 % of the island remains relatively untouched with a variety of plants and animals , many of which are endemic , some of which are rare or threatened.
" In an interview , Ice @-@ T stated that " I didn 't want my band to get pigeon @-@ holed as that 's the only reason that record sold.
The formal casting process began in February 1995 , though some of the actors met with Thompson the previous year to help her conceptualise the script.
Gilchrist continued to struggle in the Super Six phase , scoring 31 , 10 and 5 against India , Zimbabwe and South Africa.
The entire villages of Avon and Hatteras were inundated.
However , the town 's food supplies are nearly empty , and while the situation has become more dire , the marshal is reluctant to hand over Jex ..
Adam Biessener of Game Informer called it " a singular achievement that every gamer deserves to experience.
Others claim that additional space between sentences improves the aesthetics or readability of text.
New plans for a fort on the right bank of the River Drava were drawn up by Maximilian Gosseau de Henef.
Petrov , who qualified in fifteenth , was penalised five positions on the grid because he had caused an avoidable accident with Hülkenberg at the start of the previous race at Suzuka.
MacDonald desired a conference of Indian and British leaders in London to discuss India 's future , a course of action supported by Jinnah.
Alpine ibex graze in the abundant mountain pastures in summer , and descend to lower elevations in winter.
During the battle , l 'Cie from Pulse attacked and ripped a large hole in Cocoon.
<unk> had mixed feelings about birth control : they worried that it would exacerbate the birth rate differential between " superior " races and " inferior " races , but they also recognized its value as a tool to improving " racial fitness ".
The Romans then seem to have repeated an earlier Greek circumnavigation of the island and received submission from local tribes , establishing their border of actual control first along the Gask Ridge before withdrawing to a line south of the Solway Firth.
However , after Hurricane Lenny struck the Lesser Antilles about a month later , relief efforts slowed , as many more people were significantly affected , causing recovery to be costlier ..
When a reporter rang in 1975 to inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize in Physics , he initially thought that it was for his work on muonic atoms.
" Einstein continued to maintain his disbelief in the theory , and attempted unsuccessfully to disprove it until he died at the age of 76.
In their review of the Space World 1999 demo , IGN found the mine cart scene — where Lucca and Klaus outrun a collapsing cave in a <unk> — to be its " most impressive " sequence.
Omphalotus species cause a white rot by breaking down lignin in their tree hosts.
Throughout most of their tournament games in the 1970s , the 1980s and the 1990s , the team played in a 4 – 4 – 2 formation.
" Adrian Thrills of the Daily Mail complimented the song 's choral middle @-@ eight , deeming it " an inventive sonic flourish ".
Other sculptures were a large cross , which fell in an earthquake in 561 or 562 ; a Victory , which was cast down in the reign of Michael III ; and a crowned Fortune of the City.
They puzzled over how to achieve the same effect with man @-@ made wings and eventually discovered wing @-@ warping when Wilbur idly twisted a long inner @-@ tube box at the bicycle shop ..
Eventually , the creators decided to model her on Julianne Moore , and then remove her eyebrows , so that the appearance was slightly skewed.
On October 20 , 2011 , AT & T surpassed one million iPhone 4S activations.
The game was a success at the two @-@ week exhibition , with attendees lining up to play it as Kates adjusted the difficulty up and down for players.
Dan Curry created the bat 'leth in 1990 for Worf , a character played by Michael Dorn in Star Trek : The Next Generation after receiving approval from producer Rick Berman.
The white pages , which is the sale that Dwight is attempting to make , are a listing of telephone subscribers in a geographical area or subscribers to services provided by the organization that publishes the directory.
Taking place after the events of Mega Man 2 , the plot follows the titular hero as he helps his creator , Dr. Light , and a former villain , Dr. Wily , collect parts for a peace @-@ keeping robot by defeating several Robot Masters that have gone haywire ..
Critics found that while the graphics for the game may not be the most sophisticated for the current console generation , the detailed art aspects of the world were impressive ; Varanini considered that " no matter where you are in the world , there 's always some cool object to look at " , while Donlan considered the world to be a " constant unfolding delight ".
He was from afar the most beautiful of men and the most glorious , and close up he was the sweetest and the loveliest.
Typical <unk> include : zidovudine ( AZT ) or tenofovir ( <unk> ) and lamivudine ( <unk> ) or emtricitabine ( FTC ).
Parts of the plot ( such as Batman 's relationships with the Joker , Gordon and the game 's Christmas setting ) were partly inspired by Batman : The Man Who Laughs , Batman : Turning Points and Batman : The Long Halloween , respectively.
Bayern had 19 coaches since its promotion to the Bundesliga in 1965.
After she joined her sister Irene in East Asian waters , the Division was reinforced with the rebuilt old ironclad Kaiser , the light cruiser Cormoran , the corvette Arcona , and the gunboat Iltis.
Film scholar Andy Klein wrote that the film is " almost a distillation of [ Woo 's ] post @-@ 1986 work.
Key 's third game Clannad is a visual novel similar to Key 's previous games , but contains no adult content.
This entailed the construction of campsites , picnic areas , boat ramps , a landing strip , and hiking trails , including on 14 of the 33 islands in the lake.
The song also received success in South Korea , selling over 600 @,@ 000 units.
The newly @-@ weds reacted to the scandal in a way that was not unusual at the time ; they left their problems behind and emigrated , which they did a month after the ceremony.
The white men in the story arrive on the water and are met at a beach by natives.
Lincoln 's decision to withdraw enabled his Whig supporters and Trumbull 's antislavery Democrats to combine and defeat the mainstream Democratic candidate , Joel Aldrich Matteson ..
The fingers are about one @-@ third webbed , and the toes nearly three @-@ quarters webbed.
The case was brought by Carmen Velazquez , whose LSC @-@ funded attorneys sought to challenge existing welfare provisions , believing it was the only way to get Velazquez financial relief ..
Coal balls are calcium @-@ rich <unk> life forms , mostly containing calcium and magnesium carbonates , pyrite , and quartz.
He is the elder brother of former Manchester United forward Bobby Charlton , who was also a teammate in England 's World Cup final victory.
It is used to quantify the loss of voltage levels in transmitting electrical signals , to describe power levels of sounds in acoustics , and the absorbance of light in the fields of spectrometry and optics.
Initially , states entering the Union alternated between slave and free states , keeping a sectional balance in the Senate , while free states outstripped slave states in population and in the House of Representatives.
Nurse Christine Chapel cameos in the script 's climax ..
Adam Mazmanian of The Washington Times commented that the album 's final mix showed that producers Epworth and Lee preserved the essence of Bloc Party 's signature sound — " minor key rock <unk> with rhythmic intensity " — while taking the band in new musical directions.
In March 1995 , during an academic forum on corruption in Cambodia , Rainsy publicly questioned Ranariddh 's acceptance of a Fokker 28 airplane and a US $ 108 million commission from Ariston Berhad.
Literary scholars employ the same methodology to attribute works to the poet and playwright William Shakespeare as they use for other writers of the period : the historical record and stylistic studies , and they say the argument that there is no evidence of Shakespeare 's authorship is a form of fallacious logic known as <unk> ex <unk> , or argument from silence , since it takes the absence of evidence to be evidence of absence.
The song became Madonna 's 60th UK top @-@ ten single.
Weber has competed for the United States national baseball team , winning the gold medal at the 2009 Baseball World Cup ..
In surveys and studies done , most males would not like to be seen as too weak to handle his responsibilities as the role of the adult male in the household , which in the past has consisted of being the major economical supporter and physical figure for the family.
Bayern and her three sisters served as the Russian Baltic Fleet during the 1894 maneuvers ..
After this fiasco , Liu fled for his life , but only returned to Chengdu several years later to find that the Zhengde Emperor had died ..
Hay told British politicians that McKinley , if elected , would be unlikely to change course.
Kublai also made Drogön Chögyal Phagpa the director of the government agency known as the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruling priest @-@ king of Tibet , which comprised thirteen different states ruled by <unk> ..
The members of this commission were : <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Vasil <unk> , Vasil <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Cale , <unk> Shabani , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Dishnica , Emin <unk> , <unk> Dishnica , Sali <unk> and Haki <unk> ..
In 969 / 970 , Sulaiman , the son of Muhammad ibn Ilyas , wanted to regain his kingdom of Kerman , and invaded the region.
On the final leg of the tour , The Electric Prunes ' performance was recorded in Stockholm by the Swedish Broadcasting Corporation.
The route passes through an S @-@ curve during which it crosses to the north side of the Amtrak Northeast Corridor.
However , she states that she considers her books as " romance more than anything else ".
Islais Creek or Islais Creek Channel ( previously known as Du <unk> Creek , Islais Channel and Islais Swamp ) is a small creek in San Francisco , California.
He crashed his plane after taking heavy fire.
The film was called , Original Sin ( 2001 ).
The jaw is solid , dark @-@ brown and has about 10 broad flat ribs only in the middle part of the jaw.
The Japanese shipyards could not guarantee that they could repair the ship , and at first it was considered whether the ship should be towed to Europe for repairs.
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly was keen on Isaacs ' acting in the series.
In August 1800 Heywood was appointed commander of a bomb ship , the Vulcan , in which he visited Coupang where he had been held prisoner eight years earlier.
In 2007 , a 197 @-@ page twenty @-@ year anniversary edition , containing all printed comics and strips as well as a variety of other artwork , was co @-@ designed by Steve Purcell and Jake <unk> and published by Telltale Games.
The DuSable collection has come largely from private gifts.
Sabrina Ramet noted that Kučan and Milošević reached an agreement in January 1991 in which Milošević gave his assurances that Slovenia 's independence bid would not be opposed by Serbia.
Featuring the People 's March and the Voyages Concert , Melbourne 's events focus strongly on the celebration of multiculturalism.
In 1869 , Milne @-@ Edwards combined the genus name of Aphanapteryx imperialis , which had been coined the previous year by Georg Ritter von Frauenfeld for the Hoefnagel painting , with the older specific name broecki.
Although he complimented individual moments , Poniewozik called the cold open a " self @-@ congratulatory , awkward ( and ) unearned curtain call ".
During the return test , the Conservative Party handed out numerous flags to the majority white crowd as a symbol of defiance against the ANC.
SASR soldiers also direct fire support including air strikes to destroy enemy installations and disrupt or kill enemy forces whenever possible.
Reconnaissance aircraft of the Royal Flying Corps and seaplanes of the Royal Naval Air Service found only small , scattered Ottoman forces in the Sinai region and no sign of any major concentration of troops in southern Palestine ..
The collaboration came about when West met her bandmates Angus McDonald and Daimon Downey at a diner in Sydney while touring the country with U2 around November 2006.
Dr. Philip <unk> dismissed the possibility of schizophrenia and several other disorders ( Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and ergot poisoning ) in a chapter on Joan of Arc in his book " Post @-@ Mortem " in 2007 ..
An order was placed with Fokker for the delivery of their new Fokker F @-@ 27 Friendship , a two @-@ engine turboprop with cabin pressurization.
Interviewed at the end of 1994 , Edwards said : " The way religions choose to speak their truth to the public has always been to beat them down [ ... ] I think that if a Holy Bible is true , it should be about the way the world is and that 's what I think my lyrics are about.
One day later , he claimed a Ilyushin Il @-@ 2 ground @-@ attack aircraft.
The woman volunteers herself as a model for these pictures and is surprised at her own pleasure in the activity.
After a pep @-@ talk by Jim , Dwight returns as his normal annoying self , to Jim 's pleasure.
However , Sihanouk did not accept the offer , even as preparations were made in Phnom Penh to receive him.
The arrival of the railroad , and the discovery that adding trace elements like copper was the remedy for crops sprouting and dying quickly , soon created a population boom.
Nick Levine of Digital Spy noted that " Battlefield " is based on the " love is war " metaphor.
It has the power to review legislation , treaties and international agreements prior to their adoption ..
Rural landowners declared war on the government by refusing to plant crops.
She said that she wanted strippers " to know that if I wanted to , I could be a stripper again , but I choose to live my life for the Lord.
The episode was written by Jeff Martin but the idea of having Herb voiced by Danny DeVito had been pitched by Sam Simon.
Point guard Kenny Anderson was signed as a free agent , and subsequently traded to the Toronto Raptors for Damon Stoudamire in February 1998 ( the Raptors traded Anderson to the Boston Celtics five days later , because he did not want to play in Canada ).
The dugong is largely dependent on seagrass communities for subsistence and is thus restricted to the coastal habitats which support seagrass meadows , with the largest dugong concentrations typically occurring in wide , shallow , protected areas such as bays , mangrove channels , the waters of large inshore islands and inter @-@ <unk> waters.
After 33 orbits of the Earth , and a series of rendezvous maneuvers performed by Gidzenko , they docked the Soyuz capsule to the aft port of the Zvezda Service Module on 2 November 2000 , at 09 : 21 UTC.
Her father , an Italian @-@ American Vietnam War veteran , who was in and out of her life as a child and teenager , taught her how to play soccer at a young age.
From 10 to 24 May 1982 , prior to British forces landing in the Falklands , a detachment of three GR.3s provided air defence for Ascension Island until three F @-@ 4 Phantom IIs arrived to take on this responsibility.
Registrars must also undertake a minimum activity of either administrating or registering forty domains per year ..
Produced by B horror veteran William Castle , Rosemary 's Baby was the first upscale Hollywood picture in the genre in three decades.
The remainder in Los Angeles , from Avenue 40 southwest to the Figueroa Street Viaduct at Avenue 22 , was opened on December 30 , 1940 , in time for the Tournament of Roses Parade and Rose Bowl on New Year 's Day.
" You never knew what he was going to do " , said hockey Hall of Famer Igor Larionov.
Brainiac attacks Chloe and puts her in a coma , but Clark destroys Brainiac before he can locate a device hidden on Earth which would allow him to control Clark.
He explains that he is there to honour a promise he made to his best friend Rémi , who was hospitalised by a car accident.
Nos. 607 and 609 Squadrons engaged the Germans south @-@ west of The Needles.
In the early 1930s , the route was extended north to Deep River and west to Montezuma.
Males will also use their specialized toothcomb to gouge trees before scent @-@ marking with their chest — a behavior that leaves long @-@ lasting visible marks.
The album received seven Grammy Award nominations and one win in the Best Rap / Sung Collaboration category for " Umbrella " at the 2008 ceremony.
In 1833 , a stagecoach road from Randolph to Jackson in Madison County , 70 miles ( 100 km ) east of Randolph , was established.
The re @-@ recorded song entered the chart in March 1986 , peaking at number one for one week on 17 May 1986.
Trumble made his Test cricket debut in the First Test against the English team at Lord 's Cricket Ground.
The event garnered him an Air Force commendation for bravery ..
Main characters returning include Jack Bauer , Kimberly " Kim " Bauer , Tony Almeida , Michelle <unk> , Chase Edmunds , David Palmer , Max , Kate Warner , Chloe O 'Brian , and Ryan Chappelle , with Peter Madsen being voiced by Christian Kane ..
He did not follow the authorities and Take Ionescu 's supporters as they redeployed in Moldavia when southern Romania fell to the Central Powers , and remained in Bucharest.
Canefe notes that her interviewees were proud to be Cypriot , but also of being British and not Turkish.
In the first decade of the 21st century some groups reached mainstream popularity.
Rama Rao and Varalakshmi did not attend the event because of the differences between them ..
The writer later expressed his delight at adapting the novel during an interview with Paul Carey from the Western Mail , calling Austen his " favourite novelist ".
Even in the Atacama Desert , where little rain ever falls , dense clouds of fog known as the <unk> blow in from the sea and support plant life.
” This is possibly an homage to the scene after the credits in the movie Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story in which Ben Stiller does the same thing in his fatsuit ..
He led Nashville to the Southern League championship , and right after doing so , the Yankees called Weber up to the major leagues ..
She attended the 2014 Earth Hour , a worldwide movement for the planet organized by the World Wide Fund for Nature.
Sarah enjoyed a " long and devoted " relationship with her husband of more than 40 years , John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough.
A number of <unk> have been read in the Mycenaean scripts only by their epithets used during later antiquity.
The final straws were news of Russian timber concessions in northern Korea and the Russian refusal to acknowledge Japanese interests in Manchuria while continuing to place conditions on Japanese activities in Korea.
The sanctuary site has yielded many artifacts of value , especially those inscribed with Phoenician texts , providing valuable insight into the site 's history and that of ancient Sidon ..
Her completion in January 1904 had been delayed by a surplus of construction projects at the Imperial Dockyard.
Historian James J. Reid , in his Crisis of the Ottoman Empire : Prelude to Collapse 1839 – 1878 , notes several instances of later use , in particular in times of crises , ordered by military commanders ( if not , that is , directly ordered by the supreme authority possessed by the sultan ).
The West Sacramento Freeway begins on Interstate 80 at exit 81 ( West Capitol Avenue ) , the east end of the Yolo Causeway.
" Cellophane Boy " is a B @-@ side to the CD single release of " Simple Kind of Life ".
Between 1977 and 1979 , three hardcover rulebooks , commonly referred to as the " core rulebooks " , were released : the Player 's Handbook ( <unk> ) , the Dungeon Master 's Guide ( DMG ) , and the Monster Manual ( MM ).
Simulations of the evolution of the Oort cloud from the beginnings of the Solar System to the present suggest that the cloud 's mass peaked around 800 million years after formation , as the pace of accretion and collision slowed and depletion began to overtake supply ..
The players were distributed as follows :.
The lyric never misses , " and noting that they had " never turned ' Stay ' into the single it deserved to be.
He had overall charge of a training flight in November – December that ended in disaster , when a Hawker Demon crashed near Cootamundra , New South Wales , and its pilot burned to death ; this was one of a spate of incidents during the year that led to serious questions being raised about the level of flying safety in the RAAF.
The stage had a blue setting with mechanical fog.
Bruce told his stage crew that he would pay $ 2 @,@ 000 to each person who ran around the stage naked , and two people took up his offer.
In an attempt to cut expenses , she had saved all cans of exposed film to send to the developing lab at once ; the lab then notified her that a technical fault with the camera had rendered all of it unusable and that the problem could have been detected earlier had she sent each can as it was filmed ..
If these methods fail to cause ejaculation or do not yield sufficient usable sperm , sperm can be surgically removed by testicular sperm extraction or percutaneous <unk> sperm aspiration.
Electrolysis using a modified version of the Hall – Héroult process.
Shortly after arriving , they rescue a young woman being pursued by a gang of thugs , with her and Lupin falling off a cliff while escaping.
IGN also said some missions and side quests were tedious , and were elevated by their setting rather than their quality , while the reviewer thought the environmental puzzles were a clever option for avoiding combat and were rare enough to be enjoyable when available.
Six weeks later , he was ordered to Paraguay , where the British mission was staffed by a single diplomat , for whom Penfold would cover while they took leave.
The story is set in the DC Universe but is non @-@ canon , similar to an Elseworlds story.
Some non @-@ royal humans were said to have the favor of the gods and were venerated accordingly.
The solution was to use the voice of actor Val Kilmer to suggest the kind of voice we hear inside our own heads in our everyday lives , as opposed to the larger than life tones with which God has been endowed in prior cinematic incarnations.
Puthiya Paravai received positive reviews , with praise directed at the performances of the lead actors and its innovative filmmaking , which was considered to be of " international standard ".
" Levinson said he believed " four shots are better than nothing " , adding :.
One of the main goals of Rosetta @ home is to predict protein structures with the same accuracy as existing methods , but in a way that requires significantly less time and money.
The copy of the Chronicle kept there may have been lost at that time or later , but in either case shortly thereafter a fresh copy was made , apparently copied from a Kentish version — most likely to have been from Canterbury.
It called Hubbard " a powerful influence " in the Northwest and said that he was " well known in many parts of the world and has considerable influence in the Caribbean and Alaska ".
One observer commented that Robb " did not treat Oppenheimer as a witness in his own case , but as a person charged with high treason.
The announcements are voiced by radio traffic reporter Bernie <unk> and Carolyn Hopkins ..
Hunziker was born and raised in Switzerland , emigrated to the U.S. , and studied at Cornell University.
Walter and Elizabeth agree they need to return Peter to the parallel universe for both the child 's sanity and to prevent that universe from discovering theirs ..
Typhoon Neoguri , known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ambo , was the earliest tropical cyclone on record to strike The People 's Republic of China.
The CAF committed two MiG @-@ 21s and two Mi @-@ 24s based in Split to Operation Maestral.
In his two seasons with the 76ers , Parker was largely plagued by injury and played in only 39 regular season games , averaging just over five minutes a game and totaling 74 points and 26 rebounds.
However , these two friends are rarely involved in the Hardys ' adventures , a level of friendship reserved for Biff Hooper and Chet Morton.
During the match , Triple H sent Flair head @-@ first into the steel cage , causing Flair to bleed from the head.
A year later , Jack and his mother have a visitor ushered and they stand in confusion at the beautiful young woman.
Slava was deployed to the Mediterranean between 5 – 30 June 1967 to show Soviet support of Syria during the Six @-@ Day War.
For the reverse of the coins , Longacre created a wreath of wheat , corn , tobacco , and cotton , blending the agricultural products of the North and the South.
Alan Sepinwall wrote that , despite the episode being " goofy [ … ] silly , and [ and ] about as nonsensical as the film itself " , " Threat Level Midnight " was " a fun , sweet tour through the history of the Michael Scott era " ..
Her life continued unchanged , filled with social events.
U.S. Admiral Chester Nimitz — Allied commander @-@ in chief for Pacific forces — created the South Pacific theater — with U.S. Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley in command — to direct the Allied offensive in the Solomons ..
( Had they won the game , the Patriots would have become the first NFL team to ever finish with a 19 – 0 record ; incidentally , New England had defeated the Giants in the last regular season game of that season to achieve the first perfect regular season since 1972.
One of my very greatest fears as a child was being ridiculed in public.
One girl suggests that they can make money by moving bricks in a nearby brickyard , and Wei begins giving the students mathematical exercises centered on finding out how much money they need to earn for the bus tickets , how many bricks they need to move , and how much time it will take.
The legs and feet of almost all birds are thin and lack feathers , and so are vulnerable to rapid heat loss.
Carr has written that " we shall never know " how the " distant community " in Beddgelert came to possess the four Anglesey churches , but thought that it might be significant that the priory also controlled two churches on the mainland , on the other side of the Menai Strait ..
Jim Abbott of the Orlando Sentinel said that " Musically , songs such as ' Piece of Me , ' ' Radar ' and ' Break the Ice ' are one @-@ dimensional , robotic exercises.
When rehearsals began in October 1874 the orchestra had difficulties with the score , finding some parts unplayable.
Spears performed " Toxic " with moving jungle gyms and surrounded by green sci @-@ fi lightning effects.
They have small heads , upturned snouts , erect limbs , and a body covered by plate @-@ like scutes.
Crosetti , a close personal friend of Thormann , is convinced Smith is the shooter , but Lewis insists on further investigation.
Almost 55 % uses community toilets which are very dirty and due to this many communicable diseases arise from the area and spread out ..
It got Kevin Pietersen and Ross Taylor from the Deccan Chargers and the Rajasthan Royals respectively in a transfer window , and it gave Andrew McDonald to the Royal Challengers Bangalore.
His chosen repertoire was good for the box office : cycles of Beethoven symphonies and concertos ( the latter featuring Wilhelm Kempff in one season and Claudio Arrau in another ) helped restore the orchestra 's finances as well as its musical standards.
Thompson asserts that the cast do not resemble identifiable contemporary silent film stars.
They are characterized with stylish iconography , richness of theme and variety of different colors ( where blue is dominant ).
After a review of information available to Truman about the presence of espionage activities in the U.S. government , Democratic Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan concluded that Truman was " almost willfully obtuse " concerning the danger of American communism.
By 27 April , further signals intelligence confirmed most of the details and targets of the MO and RY plans ..
" The 25 @,@ 000 acres ( 100 km2 ) now supply the majority of the white oak required for repair work.
It has also been arranged and performed by many groups , regardless of singing style or genre , ranging from classical ( Vienna Boys Choir ) , to traditional music groups ( Celtic Woman ) , to pop singers and groups ( Jessica Simpson , Destiny 's Child ) ..
Red saves her family , but at a price — her consort is forced away by Red 's sister ..
It is learned that an error in the projection has given Steiner the ability to kill people by touching them , and has mutilated one half of his body.
MacArthur then decided to award Dealey a Distinguished Service Cross , and Christie the Silver Star.
Although only thirteen episodes were made between 1991 and 1995 , the role remains Bathurst 's favourite of his whole career.
The tadpoles at first look similar to those of the common frog ( Rana temporaria ) but they are a darker colour , being blackish above and dark grey below.
She made her screen acting debut in early 2003 , appearing in one episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter.
When the federal Turgeon Commission recommended that Manitoba , in addition to a perpetual subsidy , receive a one @-@ time payment of more than $ 4 million , Brownlee demanded the same for Alberta.
During the tour 's filmed show in Anaheim California , the group joined Carey live on stage and performed the song together.
They also replaced her fire @-@ control systems and added radars , although the exact changes are unknown.
The building was constructed in an area that had formerly been a park belonging to the museum , and also required the demolition of a mansion at 86 Queens Park that had been the residence for the President of the University of Toronto ..
Wieselman suggested that Colfer and Michele " redefined show @-@ stopper " with their performance , and Itzkoff lauded it as " a powerful reminder of why it 's worth sticking with Glee through what has quickly proved a polarizing season.
Furious served as the flagship for the convoy bringing most of the 1st Canadian Infantry Division to Britain in mid @-@ December 1939.
He was assigned on August 17 of that year to the USS Swatara as a part of the Asiatic Squadron.
Loggerhead sea turtles spend most of their lives in the open ocean and in shallow coastal waters.
The Soviets used her as a training ship when she was not undergoing one of her eight refits in their hands.
Although , his first novel was initially unsuccessful , Trollope was undeterred and in all , went on to write forty @-@ seven novels , as well as dozens of short stories and a few books on travel.
According to rumors spreading in Antioch , Alice was planning to send Constance to a monastery or to marry her off to a commoner.
Success in deciding that zero is even initially shoots up and then levels off at around 50 % in Years 3 to 6.
There had been some recent exceptions , including the rerelease of Billy Jack and the original release of its sequel The Trial of Billy Jack , the Dirty Harry sequel Magnum Force , and the latest installments in the James Bond series.
The Ewaso Lions Project protects lions in the Samburu National Reserve , Buffalo Springs National Reserve and Shaba National Reserve of the Ewaso Ng 'iro ecosystem in Northern Kenya.
While he was on cordial terms with Jerry West , he often argued with team captain Elgin Baylor ; regarding Baylor , he later explained : " We were good friends , but ... [ in ] black culture ... you never let the other guy one @-@ up you.
Mircea <unk> , the manager of Galatasaray complimented Overmars afterwards : " When we were 2 – 0 up I told my players at half @-@ time to maintain the result , but Overmars is a great player.
On October 5 , 1920 , the Control Commission presented a concrete proposal to draw the demarcation line up to the village of <unk> on the Neman River , about 10 km ( 6 @.@ 2 mi ) south of Merkinė ( <unk> ) , and to establish a 12 km ( 7 @.@ 5 mi ) wide neutral zone along the line.
Walker then ordered the US 25th Infantry Division , under Kean , to take up defensive positions on the Pusan Perimeter southern flank west of Masan.
Thirty @-@ seven fire and ambulance companies , as well as more than seven hundred Nassau County police officers arrived to help.
The Prince and Princess of Wales , Princesses Maud and Victoria , Prince George , Princess Mary , the Duke and Duchess of Teck , three physicians ( Alan Reeve Manby , Francis <unk> and William Broadbent ) and three nurses were present.
Although commercial demand for his paintings was not immediate , Warhol 's association with the subject led to his name becoming synonymous with the Campbell 's Soup Can paintings ..
In the wake of the storm , a massive relief operation evacuated thousands to California , Hawaii , and Wake Island.
Leading citizens of Chicago established a World 's Columbian Exposition Company ( " the Company " ) to organize the construction , and the Company generally emerged as successful in the resulting infighting as to which group would be in charge.
Ross told in an interview with MTV that he was not prepared for collaborating with Gaga.
Higgins was dealt , along with Aleš Kotalík , in exchange for Olli Jokinen and Brandon Prust.
Following the game , however , controversy emerged about a silhouetted camera shot of Prince , projected against a large sheet by a bright light on the other side of the performer.
Bede says that the pagans who had slain Edwin — presumably a reference to the Mercians under Penda , although conceivably it could be a derisive misnomer meant to refer to the Christian British — burned a church and town at <unk> , although the time at which this occurred is uncertain.
Stanley wrote that " Damages is yet another show that requires viewers to tune in to every episode to follow the plot , but it is the most grown @-@ up thriller in the pack [ of serialized drama series ].
He then joined HMS Scipio under Captain Edward Thornbrough , and after Scipio was paid off , HMS Aquilon under Captain Robert Stopford , in which he sailed to the Mediterranean ..
In 2012 , the physics and astronomy department of San Francisco State University became a partner ..
At 13 : 00 on 13 January , the British ships were approaching the island of Ushant in a heavy fog when they spied another ship through the gloom ahead.
Factors that contribute to reduced head weight include : growth in the compacted soils that result from no @-@ till farming practices , drought , waterlogging , insect and disease incidence , and shading and nutrient stress caused by weeds ..
Due to limitations in the highway in Port Deposit , including a steep hill and a low railroad bridge , the state highway has a truck bypass that uses MD 275 , MD 276 , and US 1 through Woodlawn and Rising Sun to connect Interstate 95 ( I @-@ 95 ) with US 222 in Conowingo ..
An hour and a half after the crash they rescued the surviving RAF Police dog.
It was also added to the setlist at its DVD release , The Velvet Rope Tour – Live in Concert in 1999.
After Bush won and Kemp left Congress for the Cabinet , the two did not really cross paths again until 1996 , when Kemp endorsed Dole 's opponent Forbes on the eve of the New York Primary in March ..
The collaboration produced seven songs in nine days , but those songs also did not display the album 's future electronic musical direction.
" Wilson herself noted a significant evolution in her character 's personality , noting a transition from the cold attitude that was characteristic to her in the past , to a maternal outlook on her interns.
Naomi 's most notable impact in Mexico involved the Lázaro Cárdenas Dam on the Nazas River , which was not complete by the time the hurricane hit.
In 1801 the company became a cavalry troop and was then disbanded only to be reformed in 1805 when hostilities with France resumed.
However , she ultimately opted for " Ring the Alarm " to be released as the second single of the album in the US , following " Déjà Vu " ( 2006 ).
By completing missions , the player can win experience points to reach the next level and in @-@ game currency : regular vials or rarer ISO @-@ 8.
However , h @-@ BN is a relatively poor electrical and thermal conductor in the planar directions ..
This means that it was seen by 2 @.@ 6 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds , and 8 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
" School Library Journal also praised the audiobook , stating that " McCormick ably voices the action @-@ packed sequences and Katniss 's every fear and strength shines through , along with her doomed growing attraction to one of her fellow Tributes.
Railways made the final , where they faced Punjab.
New Road , later renamed Houghton Road and subsequently Lower North East Road , was constructed in 1873 as a replacement.
With a publishing deal in place , Axton arranged through Presley 's manager Colonel Tom Parker to present the song to Presley at the annual Country Music Disc Jockey Convention in Nashville , Tennessee , where he was to be named the most promising male country star of 1955.
After the release of Nocturne , the " Shin Megami Tensei " moniker was attached to the Digital Devil Saga games to help with marketing ..
Before the Beatles ' break @-@ up , Harrison had already recorded and released two solo albums : Wonderwall Music and Electronic Sound , both of which contain mainly instrumental compositions.
Dragon Age : Origins begins on the eve of Thedas 's fifth Blight ..
The inscription " <unk> " is on the front of the base.
I was getting lots of tweets saying , ' I feel so sorry for Mercedes , she needs to get back with Riley ' and ' Mitzeee is being a bitch ' ".
Although Cao Cao had boasted command of 800 @,@ 000 men , Zhou Yu estimated Cao Cao 's actual troop strength to be closer to 230 @,@ 000.
A buyer was found in London based businessman Neil Black and his sports management company.
Sarah warns Casey that Chuck uploaded the Intersect and tells Chuck that their mutual friend Bryce is dead.
Stage one involves the four men being paired up into two tag teams and having a standard tag team match , with the person who is pinned being eliminated from the bout.
After the initial response that red is a color , Pound imagines asking for a definition of color and having it described in terms of vibration , with vibration then defined in terms of energy , and that successive abstractions eventually reach a level where language has lost its power.
In addition , Alexandria was in the hands of a group of Andalusian exiles.
The dance halls in Dawson were particularly prestigious and major status symbols , both for customers and their owners.
The episode features cover versions of six songs : " Another One Bites the Dust " by Queen , " Tell Me Something Good " by Rufus , " Loser " by Beck , " It 's a Man 's Man 's Man 's World " by James Brown , " Good Vibrations " by Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch featuring <unk> Holloway and " Give Up the Funk ( Tear the Roof off the Sucker ) " by Parliament ".
At 19 : 32 , Rostock and several torpedo boats crossed through the German line and began to lay a smoke screen to cover the withdrawal of the German fleet.
As archbishop , he had a difficult relationship with King Offa of Mercia , who at one point confiscated lands from the archbishopric.
A high INR predisposes patients to an increased risk of bleeding , while an INR below the therapeutic target indicates the dose of warfarin is insufficient to protect against <unk> events ..
On December 16 , Apple announced that Beyoncé is the fastest selling album in the history of the iTunes Store , both in the US and worldwide.
After its release , " Smells Like Nirvana " was considered , at the time , the largest comeback in Yankovic 's career.
That strong defensive effort was led by linebacker Mark Herzlich , who was selected as the ACC 's defensive player of the year for the 2008 season.
Free subscribers are shown advertisements provided by Massive Incorporated , a company that supplies in @-@ game advertising.
Currently , the IAPT headquarters is located in Bratislava , Slovakia.
" Theef " was written in a short amount of time during the show 's Christmas break after another script was dropped by the series.
In a letter to the higher education secretary , CVC secretary KS <unk> has asked the ministry as to why the case against Singh is being closed when specific allegations have not been answered.
Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 7 @.@ 3 % of the population ..
At 11 : 32 am , after occupying the position for only 40 minutes , motors were heard approaching along the river , with two 10 @-@ foot ( 3 @.@ 0 m ) motor boats coming into view.
The natural spring has been in almost constant use for at least two thousand years.
In the USA , the imperative to provide the lowest price per volume on motor fuels and the lowest taxation rate , combined with lax legislation of fuel content before the year 2000 , encouraged refineries to use MMT.
Australia collapsed in the first innings to be all out for 53 with Hill bowled by George Lohmann for one.
Like the other two , kulintang music is primarily orchestral with several rhythmic parts orderly stacked one upon another.
In 2011 BioShock was awarded the number 1 spot in <unk> 's " Top 100 Video Game Trailers of All Time " , for submerging the viewer into the BioShock universe and its enduring impact.
A fireplace by Thomas Nicholls features the Three Fates , the trio of Greek goddesses who are depicted spinning , measuring and cutting the thread of life.
One of the Americans , thinking Jim is in danger , shoots and kills the Japanese youth.
Furthermore , shortly after the music release , an album success meet was held ..
In his published score Monteverdi lists around 41 instruments to be deployed , with distinct groups of instruments used to depict particular scenes and characters.
In AD 26 , Judah Ben @-@ Hur ( Charlton Heston ) is a wealthy prince and merchant in Jerusalem , who lives with his mother , Miriam ( Martha Scott ) ; his sister , Tirzah ( Cathy O 'Donnell ) ; their loyal slave , Simonides ( Sam Jaffe ) and his daughter , Esther ( Haya Harareet ).
It is not especially large , brightly colored , specifically shaped or selectively displayed during courtship.
Although suffering numerous tactical reverses , operationally the Germans diverted the Allied First Army Group from the lower Ardennes area.
Ecstasy was later ported to the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable , PlayStation Vita , and PlayStation 3.
Author Ted Gioia noted in his book , The Jazz Standards : A Guide to the Repertoire , that all the musicians " who had created the golden age of American popular song had their quirks and idiosyncrasies , but eden ahbez demands pride and place as the most eccentric of them all ".
This policy was sometimes hampered , since President Grant could appoint any person to office without the person having to take an examination.
In January 2009 , hundreds of Millwall fans perceived as " high risk " individuals gained access to an FA Cup fourth @-@ round match away at Hull City.
Observations from weather stations evidenced cyclonic rotation in the region.
Robert Todd Lincoln was born in 1843 and Edward Baker Lincoln ( Eddie ) in 1846.
By April 2015 , the station was complete , but unopened.
According to senior military officials , civilian authorities were directed to plan the return of the IDPs to their homes in areas which have been cleared of terrorists.
While originally voicing Stan without any computer manipulation , Parker now speaks within his normal vocal range while adding a childlike inflection.
Reporters went off to battle and , after the cost of newsprint soared , the paper was forced to double in price to a penny.
King 's was divided into a senior department and a junior department , also known as King 's College School , which was originally situated in the basement of the Strand Campus.
The singer 's debut single , " Liza Jane " , credited to Davie Jones and the King Bees , had no commercial success.
The game was a runner up for GameSpot 's 1999 Adventure Game of the Year ..
Although Captain <unk> Calvo of the Corregidor had prior experience navigating the mined entrance to Manila Bay ( the mines had been in place since July ) , the Navy had changed its procedures on that day.
The exact level at which gluten is harmless is uncertain and controversial.
Although the Great Hall was gutted , the overall structure was unharmed.
She also studied theology and struggled with the meaning of " good and evil , sorrow and forgiveness , and man 's destiny on earth ".
Ore was supplied from local hematite deposits , and the furnace was fuelled by <unk> coke.
The Torngat Mountains , <unk> Mountains and <unk> Mountains dominate this area with the highest peak being Mount <unk> at 1 @,@ 652 metres ( 5 @,@ 420 ft ).
Blacks arrived at white churches to integrate services.
Brüning 's government pursued a policy of fiscal austerity and deflation which caused high unemployment of nearly 30 % by 1932 ..
These horns interlocked with another matching pair , which formed the rear legs and the back of the chair.
The story is about three brothers who , travelling together , reach a treacherous river.
Because the ratio of radiation pressure and the force of gravity from a star is constant regardless of the distance ( provided the statite has an unobstructed line @-@ of @-@ sight to the surface of its star ) , such statites could also vary their distance from their central star ..
He died , probably in Larissa , at the age of 83 , 85 or 90 , though some say he lived to be well over 100 ..
At the close of the ninth century various polities occupied Scotland.
In a late Season episode it is revealed that Wilson suffers from clinical depression and takes medication.
The adult of the " nominate " subspecies of the red @-@ billed chough , P. p. pyrrhocorax , is 39 – 40 centimetres ( 15 – 16 inches ) in length , has a 73 – 90 centimetres ( 29 – 35 inches ) wingspan , and weighs an average 310 grammes ( 10 @.@ 9 oz ).
Many British politicians were opposed to the war in Europe and favoured withdrawal , which hampered its will to muster a larger force to defeat Napoleon.
The Fatimid caliph Ali az @-@ Zahir rebuilt and completely renovated the mosque between 1034 and 1036.
" Sherif <unk> , a former political prisoner and later member Nasser 's ASU , said that " Nasser 's greatest achievement was his funeral.
After five days of intense fighting , which had once again driven the defending army back to a small central perimeter including the castle , the Royalists retreated in the face of a Parliamentarian relief army commanded by Ralph Weldon ..
His younger brother Marc , who is 216 centimetres ( 7 ft 1 in ) tall and 127 kilograms ( 280 lb ) , is also a professional basketball player , currently playing for the Memphis Grizzlies.
Bánáthy formulated the White Stag program to address the needs of youth from 11 to 17 years of age.
However , the project was continuously abandoned due to the fairy tale 's " static " plot and main characters.
In the aftermath of Archie 's death , Faye and Joseph grow apart , and she develops romantic feelings for Linden ..
Therefore , it is affected more by food availability than by niche partitioning where sympatry occurs ..
On 24 October , a Tracker from Melbourne observed Soviet warships <unk> and Ivan <unk> shadowing the Squadron.
After the final improvements were finished , the prototype vehicles were sent to the Autocar Company for production ..
" Angel / Into the Groove " placed at number 81 on the year @-@ end chart for 1985 , with Madonna becoming the top pop artist for the year ..
The combination of cool , dry air , and the persistent wind shear removed the convection from the center by early on July 15 , weakening Halong to tropical storm status.
The show 's producers wanted House handicapped in some way and gave the character a damaged leg arising from an improper diagnosis ..
In 1562 – 1563 he commanded the army Elizabeth sent to Le Havre to garrison the town and assist the Huguenots in the First French War of Religion.
Solar panels are used to generate the electricity , and this pilot program is being monitored on a daily basis and performance results are published on the <unk> website.
He met the deadline only after being locked in a room by Brinnin 's assistant , Liz Reitell , and was still editing the script on the afternoon of the performance ; its last lines were handed to the actors as they put on their makeup.
On July 22 , 1240 , amid great celebration during Vardavar celebrations and in the presence of nearly 700 priests including Nerses , the Catholicos of Albania , the church was consecrated.
Apples are mainly produced in the districts of Geoncheon @-@ eup , Gangdong @-@ myeon and Cheonbuk @-@ myeon and Korean pear are cultivated in Geoncheon @-@ eup and Angang @-@ eup.
He started a weekly radio show , which grated against Paul Brown 's emphasis on discipline and teamwork over individualism.
Indigenous in Europe , the wild populations of the parent species had been known since antiquity.
Therefore , Kenshin arranges for Yahiko to be trained by Kamiya Kaoru , the teacher of the Kamiya Kasshin @-@ ryū ( 神谷活心流 , lit.
The population density was 4 @,@ 270 @.@ 33 people per square mile ( <unk> @.@ 47 / km ² ).
The foursome of Nasri , Ben Arfa , Benzema and Menez returned to international play together for under @-@ 19 duty.
Andronikos III also rebuilt a modest fleet , which allowed him to recover the rich and strategically placed island of Chios from the Genoese Zaccaria family in 1329 as well as to claim the allegiance of <unk> Cattaneo , the Genoese governor of Phocaea on the Anatolian mainland.
" Stranger in Paradise " was also a number @-@ one hit in the United Kingdom a year and a half later and started Bennett 's career as an international artist ..
The following day Mawson placed Mertz onto the sledge in his sleeping bag and continued , but was forced to stop and camp when Mertz 's condition again deteriorated.
During the season , Bradman moved to North Sydney from St George Cricket Club to captain the team , and it was the only summer in which O 'Reilly played alongside Bradman at grade level.
These roads were originally made of oak planks , but later legislation permitted gravel as well.
They quickly followed it up with an untitled LP , now referred to as " Red Label Album " , which saw them stretching the boundaries of their sound even further.
On July 10 , 1947 , Black no @-@ hit the Athletics 3 @-@ 0 at Cleveland Stadium , allowing six walks and five strikeouts in besting Bill <unk> — himself a no @-@ hit pitcher on September 3 of that 1947 season.
" The Independent derided the film for being unrealistic ..
On May 20 , 1943 , Coggins commenced work at the head office of YANK in New York , where he worked until his departure for Britain.
Its body length is 20 – 30 inches ( 51 – 76 cm ) with a tail equal in length.
It sold 766 @,@ 000 copies during 2010 , becoming the third biggest seller of the year.
Named after the goddess , it is a dance meant exclusively for women and " an ideal example of the erotic form.
The Supreme Court , however , disagreed with Harlan in a series of rulings during the 1960s.
If and only if the string was present , the console would run the game , and would briefly display the message : " <unk> BY OR UNDER <unk> FROM SEGA <unk> LTD.
On the contrary , because there is no need for repeated camera and lighting setups , costume fittings and make @-@ up touch @-@ ups , scenes do not need to be interrupted repeatedly.
Externally , an 18th @-@ century brass sundial on a slate pedestal was noted , as was a weathered decorated stone on the lychgate , thought to be from the 10th century.
Juliet Burke ( Elizabeth Mitchell ) informs Sayid that this will not work because the underwater " Looking Glass " is blocking outgoing transmissions.
Knowles explained the concept of the commercial to Rap @-@ Up , " The concept today is basically someone 's watching the television and I 've decided to step in their living room and perform especially for them.
The lower edge of the belt abreast the magazines was continued down another 3 feet ( 0 @.@ 9 m ) by a 4 inches ( 100 mm ) thickness of high @-@ tensile steel inclined at 36 ° to prevent a shell from reaching the magazines via a wave trough at high speed.
Roman notables , including Sulla , Pompey , and Julius Caesar , often ordered the mass slaughter of hundreds of lions at a time.
In late August 2012 , he took part in the opening ceremony of the London Paralympics , portraying Prospero from The Tempest ..
Raptor and Top Thrill Dragster received a fresh coat of paint that same year ..
Wheelock wrote to Governor Wentworth on May 22 , 1772 , saying " I hope that Mr Hurd will have the College Seal compleated by Commencement.
He helped raise $ 20 @,@ 000 for Nikkei Concerns , a provider of care and services for Japanese elders living in the Pacific Northwest.
Ramon ran at Jarrett but was thrown over the top rope.
By 1445 Richard had become a knight , probably at Margaret of Anjou 's coronation on 22 April that year.
The paper added that Hogan , at that point , was working as a " successful businessman " in Youngstown , Ohio.
Kairi remains back home to await her friends ' return ..
The great auk migrated north and south away from the breeding colonies after the chicks fledged and tended to go southward during late autumn and winter.
He then cut and pasted the letters on the side of the truck , underneath the peach ..
She was recommissioned in September 1922 to transport 4 Squadron , equipped with a dozen Bristol F.2 Fighters , out to the Dardanelles during the Chanak crisis.
The player is provided with very little backstory at the beginning of the game , and no obvious goals or objectives are laid out.
It is the most successful home console in the world , having sold over 155 million units sold as of December 28 , 2012.
However , it is not universally reliable , so people can overlook challenges to their existing beliefs ..
The freeway bisects downtown Buffalo before crossing Grand Island and travelling around the outskirts of Niagara Falls before crossing the Niagara River on the Queenston @-@ Lewiston Bridge into Ontario.
North was able to use Harvey 's knowledge of the nitrates business and credit provided by Dawson to purchase nitrates bond certificates at low prices from investors who were panicked by Peru 's poor military performance during the war.
Cats also throw themselves to the ground in a defensive posture to rake their opponent 's belly with their powerful hind legs ..
Later that evening , Statton , while under heavy machine gun fire , went out and retrieved the badly @-@ wounded Upchurch and the body of Styles.
The report described Biman as " poorly managed , overstaffed , undercapitalized , and subject to excessive political interference in its day @-@ to @-@ day management.
Some emerge from their graves with joy and hope , and others with despair ..
During the Second World War Wilkinson served in Churchill 's wartime coalition as a junior minister , mainly at the Ministry of Home Security where she worked under Herbert Morrison.
" She described the record as " a good reflection of [ myself ] and the person [ I am ] today " , saying in an interview for Jet magazine , " I am a young adult now , and I think this album shows my growth vocally.
As a county @-@ designated highway , C @-@ 66 is maintained by the Emmet and Cheboygan county road commissions ( ECRC , CCRC ) in their respective counties ..
Opposition parties claimed that only 48 @.@ 7 % of the entire voting population ( 75 @.@ 1 % of the 64 @.@ 7 % who showed at the polling stations ) supported the adoption of the new flag , but Belarusian law ( as in many other countries ) states that only a majority of voters is needed to decide on a referendum issue.
The group 's DVDs , CDs , and television programs have been produced independently since their inception.
Another key source for the period is the Anglo @-@ Saxon Chronicle , a collection of annals in Old English narrating the history of the Anglo @-@ Saxons.
Before this time , 73 Spanish land grants had already been deeded in all of Alta California , but with the new régime most lands were turned into Mexican @-@ owned rancherias.
He also appeared for the Scottsdale Scorpions in the 1994 Arizona Fall League , batting .252 against the top prospects in baseball.
In 1991 , John Beattie published " Garrow for the Defence " in History Today , followed by " Scales of Justice : Defence Counsel and the English Criminal Law in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries " in Law and History Review.
" How Great Is Your Love " was announced as the album 's third single in an interview with Billboard magazine on February 12 , 2002.
The producers also announced that the film would be released during the Diwali 2012 weekend.
Development of the Hellfire missile had begun in 1974 , originally known by the name of Helicopter Launched , Fire and Forget Missile ( ' Hellfire ' being a shortened acronym ) , for the purpose of arming helicopter platforms with an effective anti @-@ tank missile ..
The second is that it is not the work of just one person.
One of the problems was that the laws of physics appear to distinguish between clockwise and counterclockwise , a phenomenon known as chirality.
They received one half the prize , the other half going to the Argentinian physiologist , Bernardo Houssay " for his discovery of the part played by the hormone of the anterior pituitary lobe in the metabolism of sugar ".
The storm originated from a tropical disturbance that formed east of Somalia on May 18.
During the scene depicting its battle with the Guerriere , the ship 's actual cannon were fired in sync with the film.
The amount of functional recovery and independence achieved in terms of activities of daily living , recreational activities , and employment is affected by the level and severity of injury.
After six miscarriages , Henry wishes to save Clare further pain and has a vasectomy.
During the summer months , the greater scaup will eat small aquatic crustaceans.
Farther to the east , I @-@ 70 departs the US 6 corridor , which continues to follow Clear Creek through a narrow , curving gorge.
The track remained commercially unnoticed until a garage remix was produced and the track charted at 8 in April of that year.
A fail @-@ safe brings the vessel , now powerless , to a halt within the gravitational field of a red giant on the brink of supernova.
This placed UPN fifth out of the major networks during the installment 's hour of broadcast , ahead of The WB.
In 2014 , Witherspoon produced the thriller Gone Girl and received critical acclaim for portraying Cheryl Strayed in Wild , for which she earned her second Academy Award nomination for Best Actress ..
The game kicked off under comfortable temperatures and moderate wind.
" However , he argues that there is still hope for humanity if the citizens of the world – the " Second Superpower " – continue to criticize and oppose the actions of the U.S. government ..
The Flyers won the game by a final of 4 – 1 and outshot the Red Army 49 – 13.
Etruria and Liguria took part in the assault on Benghazi and thereafter provided gunfire support to Italian forces in North Africa.
" In 1922 , Gilligan assumed the Sussex captaincy from Herbert Wilson.
We have a thing going on now , people discriminating against homosexuality in this country.
It was nearly lost only 36 hours after it was first deployed when the tail was ripped off during a sharp turn , destroying the magnetometer , which would have been vital for detecting Titanic 's hull.
The amount of heat injected by the welding process plays an important role as well , as processes like oxyacetylene welding have an <unk> heat input and increase the size of the HAZ.
The Madeira firecrest , R. madeirensis , was formerly also considered to be a subspecies of the common firecrest , but phylogenetic analysis based on the cytochrome b gene showed that the Madeiran form is distinct at the species level.
In January 1576 Báthory passed the mantle of Voivode of Transylvania to his brother Christopher Báthory and departed for Poland.
They were supported in their drive south by tanks of the Fort Garry Horse , which caught close to 100 German defenders in open fields.
Bazin stated that " even if Welles did not invent the cinematic devices employed in Citizen Kane , one should nevertheless credit him with the invention of their meaning.
Article 4 , section 2 , states that all participants are encouraged to sing the national anthem.
Under increasing pressure from the TUC , Bondfield introduced a bill that reversed the " <unk> " restrictions on unemployment benefit introduced by the previous government , but with visible reluctance.
Cibber reused parts of Woman 's Wit for The School Boy ( 1702 ) ..
The Rock closed out 2001 by losing the WCW Championship at Vengeance to Chris Jericho , who would unify the WWF and WCW titles later that night.
When Gaveston once more returned from exile , however , Gloucester sided with the baronial opposition.
PTC considers itself nonpartisan ; others have considered the PTC to be bipartisan or socially conservative.
So its from the ‘ Music Box ’ album , and it ’ s called ‘ Hero ' , this is for you ..
His body was found to be filled with pus , his liver and gallbladder were abnormally large , and his stomach was enormous , covered in ulcers and filling most of his abdominal cavity.
One addition was the covering of the facade with tiles.
The championship was the fourth World Series title in University of Texas history , and their first since 1975.
For example , the discriminant gives a finite basis ( with one element ) for the invariants of binary quadratic forms.
A scene was developing around Radio Birdman and its main performance venue , the Oxford Tavern ( later the Oxford Funhouse ) , located in Sydney 's Darlinghurst suburb.
Critics negatively responded to the character of Denise and Philipps ' performance , and cited both as annoying and unsympathetic.
Brooks ' number five jersey was retired following his death in 2003.
The northern part of NY 240 in Erie County , named Harlem Road , is a major north – south route through the suburbs east of the city of Buffalo ..
It was the first time in school history that Tech won bowl games in consecutive years.
Following the announcement , preparatory work such as legal costs , land acquisition and construction of rail bridges over the River Medlock was actioned.
Excluding the mandibles , the head is 1 @.@ 93 – 2 @.@ 53 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 076 – 0 @.@ 100 in ) long and 1 @.@ 25 – 1 @.@ 69 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 049 – 0 @.@ 067 in ) wide.
M.I.A. ' s record label stated that the delay was caused by problems obtaining permission to use an unspecified sample.
The artillery also changed the composition of its batteries.
The fiscal demands on the King 's subjects caused resentment , and this resentment eventually led to serious political opposition.
By this time , morale was waning within the new division just as it completed the final phase of its training in Hungary ; the war was not going well , and there were rumours that the Germans were going to abandon the Balkans and leave the Muslims to defend themselves.
Despite the generally positive views , there were some reservations , particularly that the artist might be at risk of settling upon , and then repeating , a formula in her work.
At the time , reactors existed only on paper , and no reactor had yet gone critical.
US 195 enters the city of Spokane as a four @-@ lane highway along Hangman Creek and ends at a partial cloverleaf interchange with I @-@ 90 , cosigned with US 2 and US 395 ..
In Somerset 's second match , they faced their nearest opposition , Gloucestershire.
I had swum only one big race in the past twelve months and lacked the competitive edge.
, who duly claimed that 18 @,@ 436 ( 89 % ) of respondents wished to fuck the millennium.
In the Northern Isles the Norse language brought by Scandinavian occupiers and settlers evolved into the local Norn , which lingered until the end of the eighteenth century and Norse may also have survived as a spoken language until the sixteenth century in the Outer Hebrides.
After trimming 15 minutes , it was released in theaters at 132 minutes.
Spector felt that they would have understood the code better had they built it themselves , instead of " treating the engine as a black box " and coding conservatively.
" You Don 't Know What to Do " is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey included on her fourteenth studio album , Me.
Ice cream had been produced in small quantities since at least the 17th century , but this depended both on having large quantities of ice available , and substantial amounts of labour to manufacture it.
Washington , seeing the chaos , rode out through the crowd of men crossing the bridge , and shouted that Hand 's rear guard pull back and regroup under the cover of the American artillery ..
The port @-@ trade and craftsmen zones were themselves separated by a fire control ditch with water flowing through it.
When President Day retired in July 1996 , SDSU 's incoming freshman had a 38 % success rate in graduating from the university within six years.
At the Rebellion pay @-@ per @-@ view , Edge faced Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman in a Handicap match for the WWE Championship where Lesnar retained the title after Lesnar pinned Edge.
The great hammerhead is parasitized by several species of copepods , including Alebion <unk> , A. elegans , Nesippus orientalis , N. <unk> , Eudactylina pollex , Kroyeria <unk> , and Nemesis atlantica ..
The company officially announced its Mint premium class product on September 30 , 2013 ; the aforementioned service was to be available on flights between New York and San Francisco and New York and Los Angeles , with fares for Mint @-@ class seats starting at US $ 599 each way.
Womack describes Starr 's performance as " one of his most inventive drum parts on record " , a part that McCartney encouraged him to attempt despite his protests against " flashy drumming ".
Through the first months of 1918 , the composition of Battleship Division Nine changed to reflect the lessons learned from operating in a war zone with the Grand Fleet.
" The location of the Armenian Quarter <unk> the main access roads between the Israeli @-@ controlled West Jerusalem and the holy sites within the Jewish Quarter and the Western Wall has made Armenian properties a prime real estate in Israeli eyes.
Pickett participated in the Pig War of 1859.
Michael Gallucci of PopCrush called it " a faceless dance track built around another solid beat " , but also commenting , " Aguilera 's insistence on singing part of the song with Lionel Richie 's ' All Night Long ( All Night ) ' island accent is totally misguided ".
It also topped the high @-@ definition charts despite being released in the same week Toshiba announced it would discontinue the HD DVD format.
In the cold open , Phyllis is seen listening to an audiobook of the erotic romance novel Fifty Shades of Grey on her iPod , which makes everyone uncomfortable due to her arousal.
The specific epithet ferrugineus is Latin for " rust @-@ colored ".
The band invited McCartney to join soon afterwards as a rhythm guitarist , and he formed a close working relationship with Lennon.
Mission planners delayed the decision to attempt a flyby until they were certain that this would leave the spacecraft enough propellant to complete its Jupiter mission ..
A legal battle ensued , resulting in Ely ceasing to call his group the Kingsmen and Wand Records being required to credit Ely as lead vocalist on all future " Louie Louie " pressings.
Korn released three singles from the album and each charted on the UK Singles Chart.
A lawyer writing for the New Jersey Law Journal labeled Minton a " spokesman against freedom " , calling him " a man of conspicuous judicial shortcomings , whose votes against civil liberties exceeded those of any other man on the Court , and who wrote comparatively few opinions of other kinds.
In Charlie Kaufman 's enigmatic drama Synecdoche , New York , he starred as Caden <unk> , a frustrated dramatist who attempts to build a scale replica of New York inside a warehouse for a play.
At this time , he participated in excavations at Taxila and Mohenjo @-@ daro.
Mike Walker 's success at Norwich attracted attention and , in January 1994 , he left the club to take charge of Everton.
Situated 177 kilometres ( 110 mi ) from London , it was far enough inland to be safe from naval guns and it was sheltered to an extent by a ridge that rises to a height of 90 metres ( 300 ft ) to the north.
Knutson commended the soundtrack 's large size and the sound effects ' realism.
Complaints stemmed from the game 's change of speed , from high @-@ speed daytime sections to the slower , night @-@ time sections ; the " pace @-@ breaking combat levels " were described as " plodding " , as well as " lethargic " and " combat @-@ heavy ".
Between 17 and 15 million years ago , magma from deep beneath eastern Oregon rose to the Earth 's surface , causing a period of significant volcanic activity.
It was written by executive producer Vince Gilligan , and directed by co @-@ executive producer Michelle MacLaren.
His .585 batting average and eight home runs helped energize Chaparral to the Southwest League title.
