Ford ' s chief executive has told the BBC his company is one of the leaders in self - driving vehicle technology .
Cruz was born in Canada to a Cuban father and an American mother , who were both living legally in Canada at the time , making him an American citizen by birth .
I don ' t mean to keep going on about actors , but they ' re the most important ones , OK ?
She spoke out six months after the 2007 attack in an effort to shed new light on the police investigation .
The leaked draft was published a day after the review announced that the long - delayed final report would be published within six weeks .
The evidence you will hear during this trial will show that their intention was to join forces with Islamic State to offer their services , together with their lives if needs be , to engage in acts of terrorism .
Nearly 24 million children living in 22 countries affected by conflict are not in school , the United Nations said Monday .
My feeling is it is going to take a couple of weeks or so before we start to see proper re - engagement .
" If things were to change with the company , we would move it up our radar screen ," Mr . Campbell said .
The children involved spoke of travelling to Birmingham on a bus and indicated that the hotel was in the city .
It made me realise that , throughout history , there have been a lot of people behind the scenes who are 50 % of the action but are then forgotten .
Australia will likely meet its decade - end target even as national emissions rise and may continue to do so for years .
Our fans follow the film like a religion , the cars are even better than the ones we had on the original set .
We ' ve got to start doing it at home cause we ' re a little better on the road right now .
The club is attempting to head hunt a chief executive from south of the border , but it would not like to be caught out again , as it was when it offered a reduced package to the last man asked to do the job .
Rather than saving up the recommended 14 units per week for one or two days , the committee says to spread them out .
Time after time , this guy just comes up with things off the top of his head that are lies .
You play big games , you play in moments where everything ' s on the line , one team has to lose .
I have no doubt the auto industry will change more in the next five to 10 years than it has in the last 50 .
The photograph was liked almost 2 , 500 times in a matter of days , and Emma added : " I did not expect to get such a huge response to the image .
But this did not mean that George would be released when her minimum term is up , it was merely the first point at which she could be considered for release .
When I came here , I didn ' t know there were two ( legs ) in the semi - final of the Capital One Cup .
In fact , they listed -- they put a poll up from Wall Street Journal / NBC News , they listed the candidates , and they failed to mention I wasn ' t listed .
If we go back , they ' ll put us in the prison and do the bad things they did before .
Jane Lane , a Republican on the state executive committee , predicted that second place in the primary could only require 12 % or 13 % support .
She said if those who want to change the situation in Hollywood were not taking action , they were supporting it .
The Met Office has issued two yellow warnings of ice and a yellow warning of snow that cover most of mainland Britain and Northern Ireland .
And he goes , " Well , basically when you walk from the camera or the monitor to me I can judge by the speed of your walk how many notes you have .
Flint ' s public works director , Michigan ' s top environmental regulator , a state spokesman and a high - ranking federal regulator have resigned in connection with the crisis .
The chances of it getting out of committee are probably not very good , but I ' m not going to give up on it .
If today was the Super Bowl , then maybe you try the best you can to get out there , but I would have been running at about 75 percent .
The idea that our laws should focus not on guns themselves but on preventing the people most likely to do our communities harm from getting guns is exactly why criminal background checks make so much sense .
The proposed policy , she said , would " allow enforcement agencies to look at it , and it will allow researchers to get at it .
I was putting my money into start - ups where I enjoyed using whatever they ' d come up with .
Here , we list 10 things you may not know about the 45 - year - old , who had also been linked with Manchester United and Chelsea .
But part of the explanation may be down to the fact that there are at least two versions of the Home Office press notice announcing this .
Because once Congress gets on board with common - sense gun safety measures , we can reduce gun violence a whole lot .
Just under a third ( 31 per cent ) of the nation say they need to book a holiday to survive January , a need that rises to 35 per cent among those aged 45 and over .
It did not go into details about how it does this but said that its methods allow police to read messages .
" That ' s what I mean , when you ' ve got to do a lot of things at once ," she said .
If the results are promising and the men can stick with the exercise regime , the researchers say they will do a larger , full - scale trial .
" We ' re going to have to continue to balance our needs for security with people ' s legitimate concerns about privacy ," he said .
If we play like this for the rest of the season , I ' m sure the results will be there .
If I ' m spending money on research , I can write it off on my taxes , so I feel like I can spend money that I normally wouldn ' t .
During the same time , he held two posts at NHS England - head of patient safety ( primary care ) and chairman of national patient safety expert group for primary care .
We ' re all highly competitive and the position we ' re at at the moment is not good enough by our standards .
Where we ' ve been very lucky is we ' ve been able to tap into the experience of our independent school partners who have hundreds of years of experience of getting their children into Oxford and Cambridge .
The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 67 . 9 %, compared with 40 . 3 % for the third quarter of 2015 .
But I was with a girl recently and I liked her , things were going well until we got naked .
The game has got way too much culture and tradition and history for us to just rock up and think it doesn ' t mean anything .
At one point the woman hanging out a window on the left side of the vehicle passes a plastic bottle to the woman on the other side .
Last week , House Democrats delayed any action , saying they wanted to get the legislative session off on a positive note .
Here is what it will do if re - elected with a majority : it will continue its campaign to break up the United Kingdom .
It follows a study , conducted by Queen Mary , University of London , published in April last year which showed just one in ten authors can now afford to earn a living from writing alone .
Earlier in the week , David Cameron , had talked up the prospect of reaching a deal with the rest of the EU by the next leaders " summit on 18 February , with a view to holding the promised referendum in June or July .
To get from one part of the stage to another , you often have to go down a couple of levels , run across and come back up .
By refusing to hear their asylum claims , London is forcing them to cross the Channel illegally when many have legitimate cases , the activists say .
We know there are a number of people in a number of areas where there are needs and we want to be fair to everyone .
While they do a one - take performance in front of a live studio audience , the show isn ' t broadcast live for technical reasons .
Many of the students are brought to this country as babies or small children by parents seeking work and a steady education - not thinking of higher education .
The 28 - year - old victim , from Liverpool , required surgery for his injuries following Thursday ' s attack .
So that , as you say , they can have enough confidence to fit in with other people when they grow up .
Given the fact that we have about 19 trillion in debt I think it ' s fair to ask do we want to have the federal government replacing all the infrastructure put in place by cities and states all across the country .
" If it was a mistake and you didn ' t know , just come to let us know ," she said .
Instead of riding the wave of new support alone , Rubio has been forced to speed up plans for an all - out assault on the billionaire businessman ' s character .
CNN : You made that promise , but it wasn ' t until 45 years later that you acted on it .
Mr Cruz then compared his record on abortion to that of Mr Trump , telling the audience that he had " 17 , 000 pro - life activists " standing with his campaign .
And two , there ' s obviously a lot of concern among Republican voters about any actions that could limit their access to guns .
It ' s also a sign of an American president racing toward the finish line , as the White House has put it .
The force ' s civilian watchdog was also warned that the police and partner authorities had yet to draw up a consistent list of vulnerable sites , according to the private paper , seen by the Press Association .
She said : ' I gave up chocolate in May 2013 - I ' d occasionally have some but I was careful not to fall into the same cycle again .
But it said previously that 2014 app revenue grew 50 percent from 2013 , when it reported more than $ 10 billion in app sales .
And he ' s going to start now working with me and many other cancer doctors across the country to make a difference .
It will be a fine and dry day for most , although there may be some cloud in the west later on .
You should have to earn runs and wins in Test cricket and it is that which sits badly with me .
Earlier this week , Bill Clinton , who has played a more behind - the - scenes role in Hillary Clinton ' s campaign than he did in 2008 , made his first solo campaign appearances of the year , on his wife ' s behalf .
It ' s seen as especially important for small and medium - sized businesses , which appreciate the lack of language barrier .
I have privately agreed with much that they have said , but held back publicly on the basis that Corbyn had won the leadership .
" Young Muslims care deeply about their faith and are very keen to keep Islam as their identity ," he says .
But he doesn ' t want to leave : he ' d lose contact with his grand - kids then , and the family dogs .
They ' ve only seen each other a few times and it doesn ' t sound like it ' s very serious yet .
It was unclear whether this was because he had been informed of the incident involving his father - in - law .
Those who do drink up to the recommended limits should spread their drinking across at least three days , the guidance says .
Now I ' ve just got to get up early tomorrow morning , I ' m not looking forward to it , and I ' ve got to do what I ' ve got to do to get ready for Sunday .
On Wednesday , his two children , aged six and four , also came down with the illness , and his wife soon followed .
We ' re going to be bringing in people who are going to make it difficult for the Board of Education to make a decision .
There are plenty of Saturday races in Sydney for her but there won ' t be many chances to run for $ 2 million .
Yet share prices in the banking sector have fallen by more than 20 % since July , with half of the decline coming in the first weeks of 2016 .
" It feels like a long time and I didn ' t think it would happen at one point ," the 32 - year - old says .
They should be prepared to come for an interview in London or Washington , DC , at their own expense .
The gap between the two proposals is greater than the annual emissions of most medium - sized European countries , and privately confirmed by EU officials .
We want 14 or 15 potentially good players who , when they ' re needed , can go into the line - up .
A North Korean rocket launch could be as early as Sunday - during the US Super Bowl , according to South Korean and Japanese officials .
It ' s too early to say who carried out the attack ; there was no immediate claim of responsibility .
Graham also expressed concerns over his own life , saying said he has been " feeling the clock a lot " in the past six months .
It was one way of dealing with being a woman in an age when men made all of the decisions .
On Wednesday , it was confirmed one arrest had now been made , with the teenager released on bail , as ongoing investigations continue .
" It ' s not the storm of the century ," she said , " But it looks like a good storm .
And they ' re worried about stuff I wrote 50 years ago . Do I think Republicans will do that ?
" It became very clear to me that I just wasn ' t going to be able to make what I wanted if I took anyone ' s money at all ," he says .
They are a team , similar to us , if they get up , it ' s tough to score on them .
Italy ' s economy might be looking better , but the state of the country ' s banks has cast a shadow over its prospects .
The last Fox News poll , just two weeks ago , showed Texas Senator Ted Cruz winning by 4 percentage points , with 27 percent to 23 percent for Trump .
' It ' s not something I intended to do , the first time it happened was on Radio One with Greg James who played one of my videos on air ,' he said .
In recent months , a mother and son were interested in moving in at the same time in separate living space near each other .
But a well - placed Government source said after three weeks of negotiations in the run - up to Christmas , the talks were effectively over .
Her family lived in a remote part of Pakistan and struggled to find a medical unit to treat the little girl .
Children were made to perform " sexual activities " with each other - and animals - at a hotel , a family court judge has concluded .
" I let them go in an area where they ' re not going to concern anybody ," he said .
" He would never , ever want to hurt somebody , but he does believe in defending freedom , and he knew the risks involved ," said Brown , who was one of 11 children .
They know how to approach young people who feel that no - one has time for them ," he adds .
And the Australian share market looks set to open lower after Wall Street suffered two per cent falls on the back of some weak Chinese economic data .
" I believe you believe this organization you joined was dramatically different than what you thought or hoped it would be ," he said .
" I know the media and the Washington machine have been trying to block our message , but I didn ' t think they ' d go this far ," Paul said .
The alcohol didn ' t cost much , it was obviously easy for the girls to get hold of and it didn ' t take long for them to get so drunk that they were in danger .
There are many ways for terrorists to hide their activities if they choose to do so , but not all do .
We can definitely lift in that area , we ' re getting out - worked at both ends of the floor at points of the game when a team like Perth can break it open .
I think there were a lot of plays I got hit pretty hard today , so it ' s just football ," Brady said before going on to send a message to the fans back in New England .
We will have crews out in the next couple of days and if the river levels rise then we could issue warnings .
I was extremely disappointed in myself and I could barely figure out how to call my husband and tell him that I had to stay for another four weeks , because there was a one - week break before the next class started up .
Since then , I ' ve been in treatment in order to try again and now , when everything was perfect and ready , this happens !
At a girls " school , there is no such thing as a " boy ' s subject " or a " girl ' s subject ," there are just subjects .
Australians are sitting on millions of dollars worth of technology , with almost half of all mobile phone users keeping their old models instead of selling or trading them in .
He set up his property company 30 years ago in West Berlin , when the city was still divided , with just three employees .
I think the Rangers fans can look at us and say the squad is in good shape on the back of four very good performances .
They would sit together holding hands all day long and my dad would be constantly telling staff that he loved her .
She saw how her perspective on her own story had changed in particular toward the story ' s perceived bad mother .
Sanders , meanwhile , has been expanding his lead over Clinton in New Hampshire , which will hold the first - in - the - nation primary on Feb .
The solution , its people were officially told , would to be build a £ 20 million concrete wall through the centre of town to keep the water in the river .
Just mainly focus on the tennis and not on how popular you are or trying to build up your image or something .
They ' re both up 1 %, while the other eight industrial sectors in the S & P 500 are much lower in 2016 .
Two men were charged with the incidents , and the shooting of a police officer , allegedly as they were travelling to again target Ms Williams ' house .
" Jack took his life at just 16 years of age because he could not cope with what his father had done to me ," Ms Williams said .
They won the cup so they will be up for it and know what it takes in these semi - finals .
The council has funded a number of groups representing ethnic and faith minorities to act as a point of contact with the council .
What I did in the first set wasn ' t enough , so I knew I had to play much better in the second and third sets .
In each of the three years before King became principal , Hamilton ' s test scores had fallen short of the state ' s target for how much the school was supposed to improve .
They write me letters a lot of the time and give them to me at shows , or they ' ll tweet it at me or write on Instagram .
People are focused on oil , they ' re focused on China , but the market is still trying to find its feet .
There ' s ships flying into the frame to the left -- that ' s what transportation looks like once we ' re on Mars .
" I played pretty much perfect tennis today from the very beginning I managed to get every shot the way I wanted ," said Djokovic told gathered reporters .
We ' re obviously just an hour away and the supporters showed what great supporters they are by coming out in numbers and creating a great atmosphere .
But there is nothing stopping them from giving up and simply passing a short - term spending bill keeping the government open until after the election .
With relatively little value on offer within either equity or fixed - income markets , the challenge is to find the right combination of assets that can provide a decent return over the coming year .
I do want somebody that ' s political because I want to get lots of great legislation that we all want passed that ' s just sitting there for years and years and years .
But it is Wales that should pick up the credit for the inspiration for one of the world ' s most iconic cars .
So that ' s the price you ' ll pay for two lift tickets if you go this Friday through Sunday .
" The left had failed , the right had failed , we ' d had the earthquake - and so this was supposed to be about trying to figure out something else ," he explained .
ABC News reported Las Vegas police have listed Brown as a suspect in a battery investigation , but would not confirm further details of the alleged incident .
Test the waters with a three - generation trip to one of Britain ' s best family - friendly hotels .
A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said the leader had " several discussions in relation to changes to the shadow cabinet " but would not give any details of who , if anyone , was being moved or sacked .
The simple message is drive safely , plan your trip , and make sure you arrive safe and well with your family .
Davis is serving a life sentence after he was convicted of two counts of first - degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder and robbery .
Its survey found widespread support for reform , with two - thirds of people wanting council tax replaced with a system based on either income or local needs .
Speaking at a debate in London , the founder of the Leave . EU campaign said : " There ' s no chance of Scotland leaving , there ' s no chance of Wales leaving .
Smith was fired Wednesday night after going 6 - 10 this season , 8 - 24 overall in two years running a team that has missed the playoffs eight consecutive years .
It also told MPs that 88 % of all the BBC ' s content watched by Scottish audiences was of UK - wide television and radio .
Russia ' s budget , set at 50 dollar - per - barrel prices , is broken when prices are barely above 30 dollars .
His wife Maria was recognised for her work in the arts , culture , education and indigenous rock art programs .
The pair met at a dinner party in 1990 and for Bowie it was love at first sight reported E online .
He added that the company ' s strong performance in 2015 put it in an " excellent position " for the coming year .
I want to say thanks to the fans because it ' s obviously pretty incredible that they would do something like that .
" I used to get picked up , taken there , then they ' d pick me up and take me home ," he says .
Four county - level officials were fired on December 29 , one day before the survivors were found , according to Xinhua , the Chinese government news agency .
The press has been doing that to her since 2008 when she was announced as the GOP ' s vice presidential nominee .
Asked whether he had given his players greater freedom he anticipated what would be in the following morning ' s newspapers .
But when they ' re not , let ' s resolve in 2016 ( and beyond ) to respond with level , not immediately hot , heads .
Then I got really sad for about two days , and after that I realised , being angry and upset is not going to do anything at this point - if anything it ' s only going to make it worse .
Maybe that wasn ' t so much the case in 2010 or 2012 , but campaign finance reform could be a winning issue for Senate Democrats in 2016 .
It raises questions about what companies should do when their financial interests conflict with their customers " well - being .
For Saturday , that area of storm activity will still be a concern at least through the northern half of NSW including the Sydney region in the morning , and also into south east Queensland .
The humanitarian organization said that of the 23 people that died , six were under the age of 1 and five were over the age of 60 .
Scottish ministers are confident that the legislation setting out the school starting age in Scotland is appropriate and there are no plans to change it .
" Until now , a scientific advance like this was a dream of science fiction , but it could open up many new applications tomorrow ," officials write in a press release .
Democratic rival Bernie Sanders has also pushed radio ads in South Carolina , and he released a Spanish - language ad in Nevada .
She said : " I used to think ' God , if the whole world is going to be like this , what way out is there ?
To go back one step in an app you used to have to tap a menu button in the top left - hand corner of the screen .
UK government ties to Saudi Arabia have frequently been criticised because of the country ' s poor record on human rights , including extensive use of the death penalty .
China ' s growth this year should land at 6 . 7 per cent , down from the forecast of 7 per cent made last June , the bank said .
He said that , when he applied for his first job , he did not tell his father until he was offered the position .
These include the fact that an estimated 80 % of infected people do not have any symptoms and that there is no vaccine in prospect .
I saw her running down the street yesterday and I gave her help , but to lose your daughter like that is just tragic .
It is the first time ever that a majority of women on the stage so you know we ' ll check .
Meanwhile , an online fundraising page apparently set up in memory of Mr Young has been removed after his family reportedly said they had no knowledge of it .
" It ' s easier for an African American to become president of the United States than it is for an African American to run a Hollywood studio ," he said , adding that more people should be speaking out on that issue .
" Flint families and Michigan families will receive a full and independent report of our investigation ," Arena said in a statement .
We are at an age where time is running out for us to have children so it deciding where we live in the future will be a difficult decision .
It was just straight , kick - me - in - the - face rock and roll and that ' s what I love .
The facts are we are an American company and that is where we pay the majority of our taxes , that is where we make the majority of our profits .
Six new office starts have been recorded this time , which was the most seen in one such report , it said .
Police were speaking to the group of men believed to be involved in the assault , with one man in taken into custody .
Because if you do that , people on the outside and people who are involved in it might respect you a bit more .
As many as 25 , 000 inmates are serving months , even years of their sentences alone in a tiny cell , with almost no human contact .
Of course , you want your man to be appealing but it ' s more of a character that I ' m looking for .
At the last election , the Sweden Democrats won the votes of 10 % of men and 6 % of women , according to exit poll data .
" I know a lot of kids that if you don ' t know how to deal with them you lose them ," Brown said at the Greater Cleveland Sports Awards gathering .
Meanwhile , Republicans are moving on a years - long effort to complete a bill to replace the 2010 health care law .
After breaking up with someone , seeing their Facebook status change can often be a painful experience - but nothing more so than when you didn ' t even know things were over .
She did not feel a thing ; at least she cannot remember if it hurt and she hopes that is what her children and husband were told .
In early 2009 , after President Obama appointed Clinton as secretary of state , Israel had hoped to succeed her in the Senate .
" He is an extremely lucky boy to have met these American parents who love him like he is their own ," the child ' s Chinese mother said in a letter that was also published online .
Some experts suggest that the apparent surge in cases may be due to a particular strain of the virus , or perhaps a more complex combination of factors .
" When the roof closed , I was obviously up a break in the third and was feeling good ," Murray said .
He told officers they had been arguing for two weeks before the alleged incident and that the relationship was over , but he had been worried because she threatened to kill herself .
Then you ' d need to account for the 39 . 6 percent federal tax hit , bringing your after - tax take to about $ 300 million .
We have been working super hard but I ' m sure England have as well and there will be challenges .
" I ' d really like to make the finals - that was my goal coming in ," he said .
He attended state schools in London , then studied computer science at the University of Westminster before leaving for Syria in 2013 .
And in the end , you taught us all how to win -- live or die -- by how you live , why you live and the manner in which you live .
Aaron Davis covers D . C . government and politics for The Post and wants to hear your story about how D . C . works - or how it doesn ' t .
He fears his condition will prevent him ever finding love again as he broke up with his girlfriend following the crash .
We have to say when you make a mistake you take responsibility and we are taking responsibility and doing everything in our power to make it right .
Any member of the public can ask the Attorney General ' s office to examine a sentence in the most serious cases such as murder and rape - simply by sending an email or letter .
Even as many more jobs have been added , the unemployment rate has held at 5 percent for the past three months because nearly 1 million more Americans have begun seeking jobs since September .
Although his immediate priority is to make an impact during the second half of the season , the right - back also has one eye on the future .
And , we did not think she was going to be here , and she is , and Mark ' s just been extraordinary .
He told the committee : " I also should explain that I do have two homes , my wife is from the Caribbean , we have a home there and I spend time there particularly over Christmas .
She added : ' Every time I went to my consultant I was told my only option was surgery and that it would likely prevent me from doing my dancing .
With the way our economy follows the US , a tech crash would almost certainly be bad news for Australia .
The jury did not reach a verdict on all charges at Edwards ' 2012 trial but the Justice Department dropped remaining counts .
The investigation was closed last month after council could not gather sufficient evidence to prove a breach in the planning scheme .
One frequently asked question is : what will India or Bangladesh or any of the other countries of the region look like in 10 or 20 years ?
Even though you are here , you still have important choices to make and my job is to try to help you make the right ones .
Among Democrats , the race is so close that a first - place finish by either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders would not be a big surprise .
He was hurt playing for Glasgow earlier this month and it was feared he would miss the tournament ' s early rounds .
Iran has called on China to join the fight against the Islamic State militant group and play a more active role in the region .
He said the police officer had told him that a forced marriage protection order , which would lead to the girl ' s name being placed on a port alert system , was not necessarily enough to prevent her being taken out of the UK .
I give them to you with the certain knowledge that you still have , inside you , all the wonderful potential you did the very first day you were born .
I will help the city grow thought - leaders by offering equal opportunities to young people - so that girls as well as boys can fill our technology skills gap , for example - and ensuring older people are still heard and seen .
Japanese authorities decided Friday to turn down his appeal to enter the country , according to his son , Lincoln O ' Barry .
We have a great , diverse history and culture and Academy members don ' t reflect what ' s going on in America .
One theory is that the virus entered Brazil around the time of the 2014 World Cup soccer tournament , when hundreds of thousands of people were visiting from around the globe .
The average American worker enjoyed about $ 19 , 100 ( Canadian dollars ) in new investment by U . S . businesses in 2015 .
He points out that there is no penalty for breaking fixed protection - it would just happen automatically if they started making pension contributions later in life .
Even on the one issue where congressional leaders say there might be some room for compromise - criminal justice reform - Americans are divided politically about whether it should be a priority .
She has a few patterns that she likes , which was nice to finally play against her to kind of recognize those .
Speaking about her inspiration , she said : " You have the idea of being in the shadow of a great artist .
While the carbon tax has been an important factor , Sweden ' s complex energy has also helped the fall in emissions .
This is not the first time the second - term governor has come under fire for comments made about women .
One parent posted she had already sent her child to school , before finding it wasn ' t going to open .
I look back on 2015 and it was a great year ... but I can ' t sit back and think that because I had a good season last year , it will just happen again .
There has been little planning for a 2017 referendum , and it is understood the idea would be examined only as a last resort .
Jeremy and I have argued for that to move on because if you are going to end the barrel bombing , you need a ceasefire .
We ' re going to allow the people of America to really see what Ben Carson really believes about certain things .
The great thing about the space race , and one of the reasons why it was so successful , was that it had a clearly defined goal .
The point is if you do well you ' re going to be offered certain things and we have to have contracts so we can keep our players .
Then he started giving national interviews about how to tell if someone is your real friend or is just using you .
A 28 - year - old Afghan allegedly sexually abused a 58 - year - old woman in the early hours of January 1 , police said .
Some ministers had raised concerns that a delay to holding a cabinet meeting would give Mr Cameron the opportunity to set out his case for the deal without being challenged .
What we know about gap - year students is that when they finally get to university , they value their education more .
However , it said the review of terms and conditions for agency workers could lead to the company making changes .
" The standard of football is certainly on the rise and you look at the success of Western Sydney in the Asian Champions League , it ' s definitely on the rise ," he said .
The interesting thing with my story is that two years ago I was in a worse position than I was in 2009 .
What makes those fears worse is that few people have a good understanding of how well China ' s economy is really doing .
The standard was not one per cent in three polls within six weeks of the debate ( the standard we were about to meet ), but one per cent in three polls at least six weeks before the debate .
John Kerry , the US secretary of state , said the US will seek a 30 % increase in UN humanitarian funding this year at a summit to be hosted by Barack Obama .
The near - death experience doesn ' t seem to take any toll on the animal , as it is then seen playing with its friends just seconds after the escape .
But many of these tax - free deals have been cut so much that they pay less interest than high street current accounts pay after tax .
And if the 90 per cent of Americans who do support common - sense gun reforms join me , we will elect the leadership we deserve .
It ' s not a job -- if somebody said I want you to be a game show host I ' d run away .
I don ' t believe in that , but I ' m here now and given an opportunity I will certainly take it with two hands .
The U . S . women ' s national soccer team held two meetings to discuss the virus with doctors while in Texas for its Olympic qualifying tournament .
We have something much bigger planned in the land of fire and ice and we ' ll have more on that coming up in our next hour .
A five - year - old girl with a genetic condition that affects her heart , immune system and sight has been granted her wish to drive a train .
But critics say that if a man or woman is old enough to potentially die defending their country , they ' re old enough to make a decision about smoking .
When you have guys that are above 10 years in the league at critical positions , your window is very short .
A copy of the letter quickly spread on social media , with The Jewish Standard , a weekly New Jersey newspaper , posting a copy of it on its Twitter page .
NHS England said hospitals will be under ' additional pressure ' as thousands of junior doctors go on strike in the dispute over pay and a new contract .
" I totally acknowledge if you ' ve been involved in a dog attack there is that real anxiety and fear ," she said .
The city should work on ways to make it easier for people who will live in those apartments , and those who live further west , to access the east : the beaches and the University of New South Wales .
The call comes as new figures released by the Government show that British bomb and missile exports to Saudi Arabia have increased by 11 , 000 per cent from £ 9 million to £ 1 billion over three months last year .
The deal in Paris shows that politicians are responding to those demands , and the popular global movement that supports them .
The company ' s total operating revenue rose 22 . 3 percent to $ 42 . 12 billion , slightly missing analysts average estimate of $ 42 . 75 billion , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S .
In the past year , the markets have proved that , in the right circumstances , they are very good at driving that process .
I thought I maybe could have done better in my service games when I was up a break in the second and third sets , but credit to him for fighting and showing why he ' s one of the best in the world .
However , there has yet to be a complaint made against the club owners , according to the police - but if there were , they would investigate .
The United States and other global powers condemned North Korea for testing another bomb , and the United Nations Security Council met in emergency session to consider increasing economic and diplomatic pressure on Pyongyang .
An earlier immigration program that gave similar relief to children of illegal immigrants who grew up in the United States showed that such policies take time to implement .
In that brief period after the war , in which it was believed that international conflict had finally been put to rest , she returned to her home state to work in classified advertising at the New York Daily News .
How do you convince countries with big oil and gas industries , like Canada , that this shift is a good idea ?
Crime in Atlantic City may have dropped , but it is still among the most dangerous New Jersey cities , according to the police data .
The Times says the tech giant is negotiating a settlement with France worth three times that amount despite doing far more business in Britain .
But a video being rapidly shared on social media shows how an environment that seems safe can quickly turn dangerous .
Most cash currently held at the central bank will continue earning the same 0 . 1 % interest rate as before .
Those responsible simply do not care about our club , our reputation or the safety of our fans and we do not want them at our matches .
The 30 - year - old made 10 starts at the beginning of the season before Jose Mourinho was sacked after 16 league games .
Jordan is one of a handful of Middle Eastern nations taking part in the U . S .- led military coalition against ISIS .
" I turn them over immediately , their pictures and their phone numbers to the Palestinian security forces ," he says .
The closest residence in this case is approximately 20 metres away , much further than the 12 - metre standard and the development is also below the maximum height limit of 9 . 5 metres .
But looking ahead on the same analysis Scotland ' s deficit / GDP hits 4 . 6 per cent in two years " time - better than the UK position last year .
If you ' re looking for the world ' s best cars , and the workers who make those cars , you need to be in Detroit , Michigan .
She said : " I ' m reading his books for the first time and finding much of my father in them .
The poll showed Sen . Cruz of Texas leading the New York businessman by two percentage points , 28 - 26 , among Republican primary voters .
Also of concern is the state of the Syrian peace effort , which is supposed to swing into high gear in late January with U . N .- sponsored negotiations between Saudi - backed opposition forces and the Iranian - supported government of Syrian President Bashar Assad .
He also said all countries " friendly " to the UK , such as India , New Zealand , China and Australia , want it stay in the EU .
It ' s going to take a lot of hard work to win , we ' re going to have to come back tomorrow and put even more pressure on them .
A surprise proposal from Germany and Turkey , for NATO to help tackle the migrant crisis , has been on the agenda of an alliance meeting in Brussels .
But it is worth noting that such questions have been around since before the People ' s Republic was founded .
If someone gave me the chance now I ' ve recovered from my injuries I would have to think about it .
Mr . Xi , who became the country ' s president in March 2013 , was the top official there from 2002 to 2007 .
In order to stop sending £ 350 million to Brussels every week and take back control of our trade deals , our economy and our borders we should leave the EU .
It ' ll be tough for us to go up against him next season , but he wants to fight for the stand - off position at Edinburgh and we wish him all the best when he leaves .
I really didn ' t realise how much I was going to play in that Detroit game , so that was huge and gave me a lot of confidence and just being out there for a long period .
The Obama administration was wrong to let its most recent arms package for Saudi Arabia go through without such an effort .
" I don ' t create art so that it becomes viral , however I would say I ' m rather lucky when it comes to some of my pieces and how much they ' ve been shared ," he added .
A survey of economists by Bloomberg expects fewer than 200 , 000 jobs to be created for the first time since September .
After all , it ' s where Mr . Cruz launched his presidential campaign almost a year ago in front of 11 , 000 students .
' Our society is there , standing tall , it will not let itself be affected by terrorists ,' she said .
He ' s your best friend and he ' s been here for you before , particularly last year , when Sam moved out .
Southern European countries such as Greece and Italy " have no who these people are " who have arrived in boats from across the Mediterranean Sea , he said .
It ' s powered by a built - in battery , which also offers your phone a boost of up to 120 per cent to its battery life .
30 ( UPI ) -- Facebook moved to ban private gun sales on the social network as well as mobile photo app Instagram on Friday .
Rubio added he ' d win a general election argument over the topic with Hillary Clinton because , he said , she ' s an " extremist " on the issue given her support for abortion even late in a pregnancy .
Rubio , 44 , hopes that younger voters are ready to support a candidate their own age in the upcoming title fight for the Republican nomination .
I don ' t always understand her ," he says , before running to join his friends who are playing by the river .
The average cost of playing tennis in 2013 - travel , food , accommodation - was £ 27 , 100 for men and £ 28 , 100 for women .
She revealed that being treated by student doctors and although her case was ' complicated ', she decided to do it anyway .
We are still working on those issues , and plenty more , but we expect to learn a lot from our Japan project .
We ' ve done it before in terms of the Scottish rate of income tax in the 2012 Act and I think we can do it again .
There should be lots of good deals available - and you don ' t need to rush to book - playing a waiting game could result in even better late offers .
Those six nations are also expected to join the meeting in Brussels next month , as are some Arab countries , including Iraq and Jordan .
At the end of this month , it is expected to announce a proposal to give the Commission powers to recall vehicles found in breach of EU emissions standards and fine those responsible .
ISIS requests that families provide at least one or two child fighters - depending on the size of the family - and boys are forced to register for selection at age 14 .
In effect , this latest theory attempts to solve why we ' see ' the amount of dark matter that we do , and explains why it is not visible at the levels expected .
One victim said that , such was the chaos around the train station , she feared she could be killed or raped and " nobody would notice ," Reuters reported .
We are confident we can keep him but that might be different come the end of the season , depending on what we do .
It was a change of approach for an administration , which has previously preferred to keep quiet on issues of security in an attempt to improve Mexico ' s international image .
The UK government has promised to hold an in - out referendum on Britain ' s membership of the EU before 2018 .
They will be thinking that if demand is pushing prices up they might end up paying more now than after April .
He got me to contact a guy that he used to see before he had his stroke but I think he ' s moved out of London now .
' For example , one of my goals is I want to be able to do 10 pull - ups - at the moment I can do about six , so I ' m getting there .
There has been a lot of speculation around it though , and I understand that because there ' s a lot of profile involved .
All three teenagers were later put on a return flight to London and taken into custody at a high - security police station for questioning .
20 - the day President Obama was in town - when 88 of the city ' s 100 schools were closed .
You ' re probably sat there thinking , ' look , it ' s not that deep ', but for me it kind of is .
But if there is a delay for whatever reason it delays us in our duties which could have an impact on people ' s lives .
" We did a fairly extensive search and spoke to a number of people and we don ' t believe there was a second person ," a NSW Police spokesperson said .
I don ' t have any other hope because in this country they have said nothing more can be done .
He was also the first Muslim to serve as India ' s Minister of Home Affairs , from 1989 until 1990 .
" Even if every gun in the world suddenly disappeared , there would still be gun violence ," he said .
Business investment fell 2 . 1 %, compared with forecasts for a 0 . 9 % drop in a Reuters poll of economists .
There ' s a huge portion of the country that will never achieve a $ 150 , 000 income level .
President Obama said Thursday that while he and his wife Michelle Obama were campaigning in Iowa , the First Lady indicated that she would have wanted a gun if the couple lived in a rural area .
I told them I was interested in having six girls , two every night - 15 and 17 , 11 , 13 and then younger .
Mrs Morgan said : " I think it ' s a matter for Oxford to be honest with you and for the students to have the debate .
His first , Men In This Town , was released in July of 2014 , and he continues to update its website .
There is no practical limit to how much interest rates can increase , but they can fall only so far .
' I was on the same salary as were the other nine people from my company who worked full time for two years on the campaign , so you ' re talking about a big team of people .
They have not beaten Wales away since 2010 , another Friday night , but until this month they had not defeated Ireland anywhere since 2011 .
Its unique and extraordinary nature does not allow or help us to better understand the daily life of these people .
But the work of police officers is full of other types of good work every day : helping the good people in neighborhoods with the problems they have .
He explained : " We had a few players who started against Man United and Arsenal who were injured a few weeks ago so we also have to think about whether it makes sense and whether it is too dangerous to start them again .
But the list doesn ' t just include Latin America , with U . S . cities St Louis , Baltimore , Detroit and New Orleans also featuring .
For Mr O , this was the principal charge against the UK government : that they had not come to hear the refugees " side of the story .
The anti - parliamentary nature of this is remarkable and may account for that moment I mentioned from Mrs May .
But the kids themselves , they told us over and over , ' We do want to keep a relationship with our parents .
" I purchased the car about 12 years ago for $ 70 , 000 and I ' ve put in another $ 50 - 80 , 000 worth of work , so it is worth quite a lot now ," he said .
While North Korean authorities accepted the women ' s account , the manner of the doctors " deaths sparked speculation online .
And we want to give her a personality because we believe that we can advance her to a level where you ' re talking to a person .
Meanwhile , local police forces urged drivers and people walking near the coast to take care , while a handful of schools closed .
They picked him off three times and kept him out of the end zone in a 22 - 6 victory at Arizona in 2013 .
And no , he wasn ' t expecting to produce two goals and three points in his first three games back .
The debates will factor in both national polls , as well as those based in Iowa and New Hampshire conducted and released prior to Monday , January 11 at 6 p . m .
So for everyone to go their separate ways and to see how it all ended up , it ' s a very sad thing .
He explains : " I have less than 28 , 000 days before I die so I have to make every second count .
Despite the campaign ' s best efforts , Clinton has been unable to put to rest questions about her use of the private server .
When you ' ve been in the game as long as I have , you know you ' re going to hit these periods .
The time to sell is when the original reason you invested no longer stands - or you can ' t remember what it was .
But one thing you can ' t take away from the kid is when he gets in front of goal he is calm and has that wonderful ability to finish .
" Bernie came in with the luxury of being a complete long shot and just letting loose ," he said in the interview .
I wish I could spend more time with her , but it ' s hard to be here and see her in this way .
We wanted to finally release the video and share with everyone so you could have a chance to see Craig doing what he loved .
" We lose more who drop off through age and death that come in at the younger end ," says Young .
But if you ' re leading a campaign , your job is to stay calm and make everyone around you believe that if you just keep doing what you ' re doing , you can win .
In October , 81 % of patients diagnosed with cancer began treatment within 62 days , well below the 95 % target and down from 85 . 6 % in September .
I got twice the usual page views on my blog last week just by raising the issue of her early teaching results .
There are higher expectations here that there were at United , but I wouldn ' t want it any other way .
Speaking about the festival in March 2014 , he said : ' I was always known as the fat funny one but I never realised how big I was until I saw this picture .
The administration estimates the new requirements will cost less than $ 400 per employer the first year and a few hundred dollars per year after that .
We were a manager who had 90 per cent of our business in one account and we lost that account .
Kenya , one of the most high - profile countries in distance running , is also at the centre of doping - related allegations .
The number of people out of work in Spain fell by a record amount last year according to figures released on Thursday .
Its economy grew by 6 . 9 % in 2015 , compared with 7 . 3 % the year before , with some questioning if even those figures are accurate .
She told us she didn ' t know who was responsible for the barrel bomb , dropped from a plane that destroyed her house .
We want to bring more through the set - up , that is our priority , and it is something that is happening again .
The ability to monitor the safety of new drugs , new procedures and new devices is a critical function for any health care system .
Like when I reached 1 , 000 ( overall wins ) last year , it was a big deal for me .
Hillary Clinton ' s campaign said earlier this month that it raised $ 37 million since the beginning of October .
He also taught me that the most important thing to do is to be in total service to people and that ' s what I want to do for football .
The clock moved for the first time in three years in 2015 , when it was moved forward two minutes to 11 . 57 .
The government saying , after the capture Friday , his communications with actors and producers helped authorities ultimately track him to this safe house in his home state .
You see someone you ' re there with every day , talk about getting home ... and then one of them ends up dead .
I then nominated Jeremy Corbyn and was told I had ended my parliamentary career in the first month of the job .
The survey comes ahead of an in / out referendum that could be called as early as this summer , and has been promised by David Cameron before the end of 2017 .
The woman whose boyfriend forced her to walk the streets of New York City completely naked is breaking her silence following his arrest .
' For an 86 - year - old man to be held in prison for what has happened doesn ' t sound right .
" I know it ' s an extreme thing to do - it ' s not for everybody and we ' re very lucky to have been able to protect ourselves ," he said .
My heart goes out to the recent family whose two little boys lives were taken only days ago by their father .
If you ' ve never experienced it first - hand , the company ' s website will give you a taste .
The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission has said it will ' cross appeal ' legal challenges to abortion law in Northern Ireland .
How would your career , social life , family ties and mental health be affected if you were never able to leave the city where you live ?
She hasn ' t gone back to the academy because she was burned and injured from the event , the news station reported .
It affects the product on the park , especially if we are having to spend money that we haven ' t the budget for .
" I ' ve told people , I think Bernie Sanders is like Donald Trump with a fully developed brain ," he said .
To make matters worse , for the March quarter , Apple is expected to forecast a drop in iPhone sales - its first ever .
When everything else is falling apart , says a European official , at least the Britain talks give us a chance to get something right .
He also had home advantage with the crowd behind him and after a decent start to the year , his confidence was riding high .
The test caused massive international controversy and was condemned by the United Nations , while at the same time increasing tension with South Korea .
About the best we can do is hear what the campaigns say and see if it matches with the claims of the voters .
One fed - up customer told the Independent : " This is not good as I ' m in the middle of trying to buy a house !
After all , no Welsh , Irish or Scottish side has qualified for the quarter - finals where there are five English and three French clubs .
If , on 7 January 2015 , freedom of expression was targeted , on 13 November , that could hardly be the main explanation .
He took in all people from all areas of the city - mixed race , black , white , Chinese and Asian people .
But when Christopher was admitted to hospital at the weekend we were advised that we might want to bring it forward .
By taking on full responsibility for squad construction , selection and results , though , he could have revealed himself as a Test No 1 in waiting .
Her death at 40 was a devastating blow to her family , her many friends and students , and a great loss to science .
Health officials say the number of U . S . residents diagnosed with Zika infections in the past year has grown to 31 .
She was encouraged by her teachers to take A - levels , and found work in business banking , which she enjoyed .
And she had five service breaks - two in the first , and three in third set - against Williams , who hadn ' t dropped a set in the previous six rounds .
I still also believe that this man should not have been granted asylum after clearly breaking into the country in the way he did .
The old advice suggested that men should drink no more than three to four units a day and women two to three , with a 48 - hour break after heavy drinking sessions .
That could include , for example , a woman whose asylum claim has been denied by an immigration judge after she fled gang and drug violence to save her children ' s lives .
Osborne said falling oil prices would be good for British consumers and businesses , but bad for North Sea producers .
If I could figure out what makes things go viral and others not I think I ' d be in marketing not art .
So far , 11 airlines and three cruise ship companies have changed their policies as the mosquito - born virus continues to spread .
More than 20 , 000 properties across south - east Queensland lost power , most of them in regional areas , the ABC reported .
Clinton is in a close race in Iowa with Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , who a CNN poll reports leads her 51 percent to 43 percent .
Watch the video above to see how the bitter weather has affected New York City , Washington DC , New Jersey and Philadelphia .
25 , but a group of 17 supporting nations , including the United States and Russia , have not decided which rebel groups will have a seat at the table .
The teams had the highest combined winning percentage in NBA history for opponents meeting at least 40 games into the season .
New statistics from Apple show that the tech giant has made progress toward increasing its workforce ' s racial and gender diversity - but only by just a hair .
Donald Trump is a remarkable man in terms of being able to sell himself , but let us not forget he was a television star for many years .
He wrote that by having " skin in the game ," institutions will be feel greater pressure to reduce costs and ensure that students graduate with the skills needed to earn a living .
Paul lived with me for two years and looked after my daughters , who are now aged 18 and 15 , while I was at work .
He noted that in Ohio polls , he ' s even beating Gov . John Kasich , who is also running for president .
' They haven ' t been living on the moon , I ' m certain they knew it would be controversial .
I want to be the one making the decisions about what a scene looks like and how it ' s played - well , the actors decide that , but I ' m part of the conversation about how it plays .
When I asked why , the little girl just said : ' my dad ' s dead and my mum fell on her head and now she ' s crazy .
Clinton said , as she has in the past , that Sanders ' s plans would cost up to $ 20 trillion and would increase the deficit and require higher taxes on the middle class .
They have seen it and these players , when they go on court , they know she ' s a threat .
We started in third grade together and trained twice a week , it ' s funny how it all worked out .
It ' d be interesting to see at the end of this season whether that sort of rate of turning up for the first time is still as high as it has been or not .
She later got back with the boyfriend , after her family asked him meet up with her in the hope it might help her get her memory back .
The video , which was posted online , shows two men holding the child by his arms and legs as a woman hits him on the head .
It never gets easier - believe me on that - but the hard work makes me feel as though I ' ll get a result .
But other researchers have suggested that religion came later , once humans were less worried about food and other resources .
Those who can ' t wait up to ten hours in a line , however , have been forced to buy water directly from the farmers at premium prices .
Because none of the women were physically attacked , his defense attorney claims his acts were part of a fantasy rather than a crime , the station reported .
Ms Bishop said she would ' listen ' to the discussion about what was needed to counter Islamic State in Libya .
" We make every effort for the Scottish people not to have to face a choice between Britain and the EU " she said .
" This is a new and emerging phenomenon and we still don ' t know all of its consequences ," he told local media this week .
" I don ' t think I can say that if she hadn ' t been brought to the hospital , she would not have had ongoing problems ," he said .
In America as in China , the market for all sorts of low - cost dining is getting ever more competitive .
So much of the talk has been about the science , rare for a movie of this big - budget kind .
In his post that began ' thank you for your review ', he defended his staff and described how police had to be called after the wedding guests got drunk and refused to leave .
As the years go by , more of the monthly payments go toward the principal , and less toward the interest , so this is another important consideration .
They came forward , they ' re not running away , they are part of this , they know it ' s going to take a while and they need to let it run its course .
It also has Instagram , which continues to add users and has become a crucial second advertising platform for the company .
Football can be funny in that things can change so quickly and , within a week , you can be back in the team and scoring goals and you almost forget that spell that you had out .
It is always a process that takes quite a while and obviously they said it would take quite a few months to get right , but there has been a lot of improvement .
One friend to whom I mentioned the idea of joining the police force ruled out my chances of being accepted because I am a first generation immigrant .
And , they don ' t like me sometimes because I was fighting for the guys at the bottom , not just the guys at the top .
Two District men were arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a man during a suspected robbery in Fort Washington , police announced Monday .
I ' m often told that it doesn ' t matter how you vote because " they " were all the same , all in it for themselves and nothing ever changed .
All told , this was a solid display more than spectacular , the kind that promises much more , if only an opportunity would be presented .
The service station already has some of the lowest fuel prices in Canberra , with fairly consistent lines of cars waiting to fill up .
It is about playing the game , it ' s not important what it means to you four weeks from now .
" If ever there were truth to the saying , ' It takes a village ,' it ' s now ," she said .
' I decided I ' d lose the weight in her memory and in the first six weeks I lost a stone - and - a - half .
There ' s no new information on that story , but if you listen to NBC , they ' re all after the drama .
We ' re hoping we ' ll be able to make up for lost opportunities , but we just don ' t know yet .
" We ran that story in 1993 and it was on an inside page of the Metro section ," Robinson tells The Independent .
But the last three games we ' ve been working on ways to stop that sort of thing and it ' s worked well .
She has created a software tool that allows users to assess how buildings can be made more sustainable , protected and cost effective to its effects .
We ' re seeing some short covering before a three - day holiday weekend and the year ' s end .
Government officials confirmed some reforms will be taken forward , but the full details are due to be set out later .
The house there at the moment has these views and the property was great when it was built 50 or 60 years ago , but times have changed .
I can ' t help but wonder if fewer men would feel the need to have surgery if they talked about things more .
You start down a path in your 20s and then you get a family and you find you have locked yourself into a career that doesn ' t take much account of them .
Social workers and their legal advisers work under huge pressure , much of it imposed by the requirements of the court .
About six to 10 artists , students of his in China and Germany , will be working at the studio .
On the Democratic side , the survey finds former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton with 45 percent support to Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders ' 42 percent .
It will be a top priority for the next Conservative government to restore social and employment legislation to national control .
The increase in price over the year has driven it to 5 . 58 times the average full - time earnings of a male worker : its highest level since January 2008 .
I ' m not going to speak on his behalf but he has big , big ideas about what he wants to do and the Irish Open is a key part of that strategy .
The women were raped repeatedly before all five were taken to a snow - covered soccer field and shot in the head .
There is also a relatively new category of people who have to do a return : if you or your partner ' s income is more than £ 50 , 000 and one of you claimed child benefit you must do self - assessment .
The 44 - year - old man had been walking along a road when a vehicle hit a frozen area and struck him .
" Green grass is fine , but you can see green grass anywhere so I really think this is a major contribution to tourists and locals like us as well who come down here because there ' s something to do ," he said .
You tell them what they did wrong and you give them a punishment to show that they shouldn ' t be doing that .
For an analyst from another planet reading its financial statements , Apple would look like a giant bank or asset manager .
On the island we could see some damage , but nothing compared with what we later saw had happened in other parts of south - east Asia .
And she was so strong , and got me through the worst day of my life , which was Christmas Eve .
I remember the doctor saying if we did this on our own , there ' d be a 1 to 2 per cent chance that we would fall pregnant naturally .
But looking in their eyes you wouldn ' t really see it sometimes and as adults I think we can learn a lot from that .
Mr Trump , who has not yet done so , said he " absolutely " would and indicated he was " very proud " to pay a low level of tax .
But as we see , afterwards , once there were problems between Russia and Turkey ... these negative developments began ," Erdogan said .
That ' ll be in a few weeks from now , in February , when we ' ll have many more birds coming from Eastern Europe .
The supply gap could be equivalent to about 40 % to 55 % of electricity demand by the middle of the next decade , according to the study .
OK , but we ' re talking about one of the most important jobs in the state , at one of the most powerful regulatory agencies in the entire country .
She said he had converted more than 10 years ago , and her memories of her brother are from when they were children and teenagers .
The budget , which includes a plan to spend more on badly needed infrastructure , is a step in the right direction .
A state of emergency was declared in Washington D . C . and New York City , as well as in Tennessee , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , New Jersey and parts of other states .
It projects that by 2020 , 7 . 1 million jobs are expected to be lost , and two million gained , with a net impact of five million jobs lost in the next half decade .
In fact , it turns out more of us are sitting in front of the TV to watch the cricket than the tennis .
' But they didn ' t see it that way and sent me a letter in January saying I had to leave the site .
But I knew that eventually I wanted to , and she arrived at kind of the perfect time , and we fell in love .
They are one of three teams , along with the Raiders and Rams , who could be moving to Los Angeles next year .
Just sort of being able to get myself back in that third set , it wasn ' t the best time .
China ' s fear is that without oil , the North Korean regime could collapse , putting South Korea , and its American ally , on the Chinese border .
Those who were thought to be sick or disabled , around 1 million in total , were sent to the massive hospital complex on the island ' s south side .
The sentence given to a 16 - year - old American teenager who killed baseball player Chris Lane by shooting him in the back reflects community standards .
Chinese laws also force any foreign company wanting to run an Internet - TV service there to get a license from Beijing , a rare permission .
If Daniel will come , or another player on another day , and ask me , then I will talk about it but I have no feeling that Daniel is thinking like this so stop thinking about it .
" We ' ve had several discussions with Chris over the past day and he has acknowledged that his comments were out of line ," he said .
The last two of three inmates who escaped a maximum - security jail in Southern California more than a week ago were captured this morning in San Francisco , 400 miles north of where they escaped , police said .
It is believed there were multiple witnesses at the time who may have filmed the incident , and police are appealing for people to come forward .
" I am encouraged that ideas are coming forward that have some force but we are not there yet , they are not yet strong enough ," he said .
A first letter was sent last summer , which he thinks was ignored because of the election campaign , so he wrote again just before Christmas .
And more tax in future than they ever paid under Labour , where the tax rate for Google was 0 %, that is what we face .
" The struggle is real , but so is God ," she wrote on her public Twitter and Facebook accounts on Sunday .
For the first time in its history , there will be no Muslim MPs in parliament , an absence that is in itself telling .
In the summer it is going to be hell with people coming down this road thinking it leads to the beach , getting stuck at the bottom of my house .
It ' s 90 minutes of playing with such intensity that you feel like you ' re going to throw up afterwards .
And if they do contain the things that Mr Grant claims that they contain , then we have a chance at picking them up .
Others say that Russians have gotten used to a higher standard of living and that they will protest losing it .
The minimum wage for 16 and 17 - year - olds - less than £ 4 per hour - is " not fair " and too low .
He thinks the oil price , which hit a low of $ 28 dollars a barrel last week , could edge towards $ 20 .
Or look how three years ago you posted about your favorite coffee shop , and now just today you did almost the exact same thing .
Mr Bailey said the new social media campaign - launched in mid 2015 - would appear in 2016 , targeting young drivers in particular .
" I think today was probably the best match I played ," Murray said , " especially in the second and third set .
And so how can we make sure that he is being able to , to buy property here and to live a nice life , but his name being out ?
That ' s why we ' re working on things to improve and looking at what tennis is going to be like in the next few years .
While I would love to have the system up and running , I know they are working hard to safely do so .
But when the word ' man ' appears as a separate word ... they want that name to be changed ," the official said .
That was how a generation of university students was introduced to Mary Wilson , wife of the last Labour leader before Tony Blair to win a general election .
We all have events for which we want to lose weight , yet it ' s not easy to find a healthcare professional willing to help us do this .
He ' s always been a great defender but now he seems to be able to defend and hurt you at the same time .
" In fact , they explained the rise of ISIS and the problem in Syria only in terms of the Iranian threat ," he continued .
That ' s normal , and not a sign that you should change yourself , as long as everything else is going well .
Australia ' s economy has been one of the best - performing in the last 25 years , across everything from GDP growth , income growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation .
" It was an emergency , urgent kind of situation and it would ' ve been nice to feel that they really had our back as all this was going on ," he said .
Mexico has high levels of gender violence and authorities in some of the worst affected states have put emergency measures in place to try to tackle it .
There ' s a lot of anger and some feelings that you have , but it just pushed me to work harder and be ready for my next opportunity .
She added : " What has surprised us all is that this change in attitude is so fast , and so uniform across the country .
Austria ' s interior minister said Wednesday the country would cap the daily number of asylum claims at 80 to slow down the migrant flow at its southern borders .
It ' s a nice feature to have though - one of the problems with having so much available is it ' s difficult to know what to watch , so having a few options is a nice touch .
It ' s right the public and the media should be able to see justice being done in this important court , while protecting the privacy of the people involved .
But there has been widespread criticism of the slow response by city authorities , amid accusations of an initial cover - up and controversy over the mayor ' s advice to young women following the attacks .
The next day his 13 - year - old sister opened the front door of their house to find his head on the step : a warning .
One in 25 breast reduction operations carried out last year on the NHS was due to a " primary or secondary diagnosis of obesity ," according to official statistics .
" We want to put the situation into its proper context ," she said , in order to determine the consequences .
It ' s more or less guaranteed he ' ll say something about the lack of diversity in the room , so that at least should be worth a watch .
It ' s partly because I ' m usually playing with other guys , but it ' s also because of how I view the sport .
" I ' ve seen tens of thousands of buildings over the years and this is the first time I ' ve heard of anything like this ," he said .
" What we ' re looking at in the relatively short run is practical cooperation between people who have a common approach but happen to be in different parties ," he said .
Arizona ' s Carson Palmer , who broke the franchise ' s single - season record for passing yards , did not play in the second half .
I don ' t know whether or not his murder was ordered by the Russian president or anyone in the Kremlin .
The ingredients are there , it ' s a player we see has quite a future and we ' d like to encourage him as much as we can .
By contrast , the average amount of salary going on a monthly season ticket for a similar journey is 2 % in Italy , 3 % in Spain and 4 % in Germany .
It feels kind of good to be in the spotlight for a little bit , but I want to give credit to everybody else that helped me along the way .
She declined to comment after emerging from a meeting with Mr Corbyn , having earlier admitted that her job was in doubt .
Hillary Clinton proposed a 4 % tax on individuals making more than $ 5 million a year , following her campaign promise to tax the wealthy at higher rates to pay for federal spending .
" This fat makes us bigger all around because a pound of fat takes up 18 percent more room on our frame than a pound of fat ," she writes .
On Saturday night , the GOP field will gather in Manchester , New Hampshire for the final Republican debate before the state ' s first - in - the - nation primary .
No one drew bigger crowds to the show courts this week while they were hitting up and there ' s a reason for it .
There are a lot of people in the electorate that have given me a lot of support ," he told ABC radio on Monday .
The national economic statistics agency on Friday released the annual figures , which saw just 0 . 2 percent growth in the final quarter of 2015 compared with the previous three months .
And if they were I think we need to identify that as a problem to make sure we never ever do that again .
There are believed to have been no eye witnesses to the attack and police are yet to confirm whether a murder weapon has been found .
The former president had two solo campaign events today in Iowa before joining his wife , presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton and their daughter Chelsea Clinton later tonight .
In 2012 , Labour paid someone wearing a chicken suit to chase Boris Johnson , the Mayor of London , down the street .
We want 14 or 15 potentially good players who , when needed , can go into the line - up .
But he said that Labor did not have a great track record of paying for its promises and he was concerned about where the money would come from .
I asked Ian , who was the editor of The Independent on Sunday at the time , to have a look at the speech for me .
" After that incident , I had to do a lot of soul - searching ," he told the St George News .
Once upon a time we might have been able to feel some pride in being Australians ; now we can feel only shame .
One example they highlight is among first - time home buyers as their life transition will occur much earlier - meaning any shift in environmental thinking is more likely to have long - lasting effects .
" We ' ve got a big task ahead of us ," he stressed , " because the club are lower in the league than they would have wanted to be .
By the time the Metropolitan Police wrote to him on November 7 it was 36 days since he was asked to give up his passport .
We ' ll try to give players rest where we can and keep them as fresh as we can throughout the period .
I still have a long way ahead and am still very young , so I don ' t mind to stay here another year .
For those who have stayed in Britain and bought during the past five years , many had to move to a cheaper area in order to be able to afford to buy .
" My husband would kill me if I didn ' t get a picture with you ," she tells him .
The charity says each year about 3 , 800 children and young people are diagnosed with cancer in the UK .
We have to spend $ 2 . 5 million of our own money every year , just trying to get people into it .
Prince William has been speaking about the UK ' s relationship with the rest of the world during a speech at the Foreign Office in London .
This was to kill of any attempt to link his future to the referendum result by saying he would remain in office even if he lost .
Denmark was the first country in the world to give legal recognition to same - sex couples , who could register as domestic partners from 1989 .
It comes as cities around the world are on high alert for a terror attack on New Year ' s Eve .
" There was something out there that our son could take and it made the problem go away ," Ted Stanley said .
Simpson says that by the time one of her clients " babies is born she ' s been visiting with that client for months .
Now it can be revealed the 41 - year - old director of legal services for the Welsh force has been hit by a new misconduct claim .
But nobody makes anybody write tweets , so the negative response that one gets is ... basically , in a way you deserve it .
Still , the five - year police veteran managed to return fire and wound the suspect , who was later arrested .
The British - led bid to break the world land speed record has been put back again , to 2017 .
The new pilot , implemented in October , measures the results of treatment and patients ' overall experience in a bid to make sure they receive the most appropriate care .
Murray has never lost to an Australian on tour , and only once to a home - town player in a major .
And there are more reasons as to why Iraq , not Syria , will continue to be the focus of the bombing campaign .
Oklahoma shot 62 percent overall ( 31 of 50 ), including an impressive 57 percent ( 16 of 28 ) from long range .
This proposed cut together with the crisis in social care funding means disabled people are facing losses to critical support they need to make ends meet and to be included in society .
The Rams had the 10th pick in the 2015 draft , and they used it on a running back coming off major knee surgery .
There ' s always another drought coming down the pipeline , whether it ' s two years from now , or this one continues into next year .
Manchester City and Liverpool were the other two Premier League clubs in the top 10 , in sixth and ninth places respectively .
It ' s also enjoyed a spot at number one in every territory we operate in , and in many of them it ' s still number one .
A House of Commons report from 2014 found that 44 % of those working in TV , film and music were privately educated , compared with about 7 % of the population overall .
But lawyers for the trust said on Thursday that both doctors had acquired the equivalent experience while working abroad before moving to the UK .
" At the same time that the United States is seeking to lower tensions in the region in pursuit of an effort against [ the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ] and a political process in Syria , this raises tension ," he said .
" At the end of the day , it ' s a game of football for four points and we are on the hunt for a win ." he said .
The best you can do is find a partner who ' s " risk seeking " - they want to take on the risk because there ' s a chance they ' ll clean up if you ' ve jumped the wrong way .
Cameron was critical , but he did not rule it out and said the negotiations were going Britain ' s way .
News of the planned launch comes amid discussions among UN Security Council members for fresh sanctions against the North after it conducted its fourth nuclear test on January 6 .
If you ' re going to get in there and do open heart surgery , it ' s going to cost a lot more .
Other countries in Europe are already using similar measures as they struggle to cope with the number of migrants and refugees arriving .
It will discuss the report at a public board meeting next week , along with the firm ' s two missed key performance targets .
She used to be a religious person but finds now that her belief in God has gone as a result of this .
I think it starts with looking at what kind of environment these kids are coming from - what are they seeing on TV and what is going on at home .
But Republicans are more likely to point to drug courts and state solutions , where Democrats see room for lots of federal investment .
A Labour MP has been asked by David Cameron to examine why black offenders are more likely to be jailed than white offenders in English and Welsh courts .
She called for British Prime Minister David Cameron to take urgent steps against Russian agents operating inside Britain in light of the report .
Sometimes they ' ll join a family they ' ve been involved with , but it ' s extremely important to be provided with professional support and they have very specific needs .
Health ministers say the deal offered to junior doctors will mean that 99 per cent see their pay protected or increased , with an 11 per cent rise in basic pay , though weekend rates will fall .
We are six points behind - obviously , it was a crucial game to try to get three points and be on top of the league but there ' s still a long way to go .
The police - recorded crime figures include a 9 % rise in knife crime and a 4 % rise in gun crime , which are thought to reflect a rise in gang violence largely in London and Manchester .
The 40 - year - old positions a camera and stations herself in front of it in public spaces to take photos of herself and capture the reaction of those passing by .
The high growth forecast is due to the significant amount of expansion happening in the energy industry to support economic developments .
There were 4 , 000 more arrests in England and Wales for violence in 2014 - 15 than the year before and 2 , 600 more for sexual offences .
The authorities agree with the Prime Minister ' s estimate that a 10 per cent pay rise would mean an 18 per cent increase in the domestic rate .
Given the economic outlook , the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 1 / 4 to 1 / 2 percent .
The study found that children born to teen mothers ( 18 years old or younger ) were less likely to finish high school or go to college than their counterparts .
So having to take the court on the same day her favourite NFL team , the Denver Broncos , played off for a place in the Super Bowl was torture .
They ' ve been top 10 players for many , many years , so there is a reason why they ' re there ." To get to that spot you need to work hard .
The tax office will sit down again with unions on Monday to try to pick up the pieces after the 85 to 15 per cent defeat of its wage proposal .
I think we need to be more aggressive and look for potential problems before they happen because what we generally have now isn ' t enough .
This makes access to remote sites difficult , and means that it is hard to re - start facilities once they are shut down ," he said .
He says he mostly keeps work out of his account , and was also already big on Instagram before it started .
David Cameron attacked his own pro - Brexit Cabinet ministers this morning , accusing them of making ' no effort ' to plan for a post - EU Britain .
I remember I made up my mind I have absolutely nothing to lose in this match , and , I don ' t know , I just started playing really well .
Iowa is the first state to vote in the primary election process , and can be an important moment for candidates to gain momentum as they try to secure their party ' s nomination .
The investigators concluded that catch - up sleep may reverse the negative short - term impact of sleep loss on diabetes risk , at least in otherwise healthy fit young men .
First my friends wanted to go to the Trump rally just for fun even when they don ' t support his ideas .
But he argues that the more people know the details about the attack , the better the security industry can prepare for the next one .
The new rule , which is due to start in January 2017 , was announced in the last budget and is yet to pass Parliament .
They said the water had a good chance of coming in the house but , not really knowing how bad it would be , I kind of dismissed it and went back to bed .
Iran also faces warnings that Western banks may hold off from backing aircraft and other deals until rules are clear .
Though it seems almost certain the group will be dropping new material in the coming months , the question is whether we ' ll be getting an entirely new album , or just a single or two .
On the days that that leaves me feeling a bit tired I ' ll just have an extra cup of tea .
Like I was born in the state of Israel as a Palestinian Christian , I didn ' t choose that .
Of five registration centers due to be set up for migrants arriving in Greece , only one is running so far .
The company has expanded its sales and marketing team , adding eight new roles over the past year and a half .
He remains highly regarded for his work as New York mayor , from 2002 to 2013 , including his efforts in response to 9 / 11 .
" It ' s not the first time that mistake has been made so it ' s all good , but I ' m definitely playing for Great Britain ," she said .
He pointed out that doctors realize modern medicine can both help or harm people , depending on their overall condition .
Laura is now 37 weeks pregnant with their baby - which is actually a girl - who is due on February 2 .
There ' s a lot of drugs in between then and when I ' m trying to think about it .
Mr Hunt said this was not the case , but insisted that the Government was committed to delivering a wider range of NHS services in hospitals at the weekend .
North Korea has fired a long - range rocket , which critics say is a test of banned missile technology .
Our priority as it ' s always been ( is ) to do whatever we can to be part of the process , the investigation process that ' s ongoing .
I ' ll teach it to let me know if anything is going on in Max ' s room that I need to check on when I ' m not with her .
He appeared in court on Saturday but there was no immediate indication when he would next appear before a judge to face the allegations .
" I would like to take him home and accept him as a member of the family ," Perry said .
However , certain checks need to be done to give the buyers peace of mind that they ' re buying a genuine second - hand car .
" To get everything in the city done , we ' re probably looking into next week ," he said .
Although its shares jumped 50 percent on its first day as a public company , investors typically expect a higher price even before the shares start trading .
On the other hand , it ' s not as though we have been short of good role - models .
A three - year - old girl has been rushed to hospital after being shot in the leg north of Brisbane .
And it was better than the other options available at the time : government - run testing centers where clients could wait most of a day to receive their test , or private hospitals that charged as much as $ 100 .
But there ' s a desire out there for an alternative to the two that people by this point have become familiar with and got to know .
He ' s ready to really show himself in a way he hasn ' t necessarily been on display in a while .
I don ' t see how he can ' t [ come back ], but we all know if someone gets a chance and it goes well then it makes it hard for him .
We ' ve just got to keep working with him , and he ' s going to be a very special player .
No matter the destination , deciding what to take with you - and how best to pack it - can prove challenging .
They were arrested a few days later in Spain and spent several nights in prison away from their son before being released .
The first wave of infrastructure attacks has already demonstrated the harm that can be done as governments face the reality that the hacking threat is increasingly about more than stolen information .
While the drug made me focus , it was on the wrong things - such as playing video games on my smartphone .
The week after the referendum vote , I used a speech in the Scottish Parliament to urge the SNP to respect and accept the result .
For all of 2015 , economists have estimated that the economy grew around 2 . 3 percent , about equal to the 2 . 4 percent growth for 2014 .
He ' s always promised to step up but this is a good test today , he ' s come up against some nice horses and he ' s beaten them fair and square .
My little sister started a Facebook page for me and one of the producers from the show sent a message showing interest .
Sanders argued that Clinton , despite having been secretary of state for four years , was not better prepared for the presidency than he is .
But we ' re making progress but in those sorts of negotiations you ' ve got to be patient , you ' ve got to be tough and you ' ve got to wait for the right deal .
Ted Cruz has been at odds with the Republican party establishment for most of his time as a senator - and that doesn ' t look likely to change soon .
And now it ' s the type of thing that a lot of people are sick and tired of hearing ," he says .
The civil rights group has unveiled a 15 - point plan to deal with the high lead level in the water , and to help affected citizens .
It is not clear how long the man had to wait , but in the video he stands by the door for only two minutes .
These were mostly first - and second - generation parents , largely Chinese and Indian , many of them with jobs in software and technology .
Christie said in a statement on Monday that he had sent teams to the storm - hit areas to determine whether the damage was severe enough to seek federal assistance , a process that he said could take days .
Although personally against same - sex marriage , he would support the outcome , whatever it is he told Sky News this morning .
He was described in court papers as having long criminal history including a 2006 robbery conviction that led to a five - year prison sentence .
There have been a couple of communities that have asked us not to bring food because they ' re afraid they will be targeted by people with guns .
As the pair , who have just written a comedy together , arrived on stage , they called out someone in the front row for being on their phone .
To ask me , " does he have quality ?" then , yes , but he has to show it on a longer scale and now it ' s there .
The voting results marked a nice comeback for George , who sustained a broken leg in August 2014 while playing for Team USA .
The taxi driver , a 35 - year - old man , was trapped by his legs for more than an hour .
They ' re 32 passing yards away from becoming the ninth team to manage 4 , 000 passing yards and 3 , 000 rushing yards in the same season .
At the town hall , Cooper pointed to Sanders ' faith when an audience member asked about how the candidate would reach out to religious voters .
" It is my strong belief that for us to get our complete arms around the problem Congress needs to act ," he said .
I know some coaches are very big on suggesting stuff like that , especially to new girls in the industry .
She didn ' t welcome the body reflected back at her , " so I chose to hate it instead ," she said .
Such a visa should allow you to stay for 90 days but check that the number of days given at the port of entry matches your intended stay .
By some estimates , just 12 percent of crimes are even reported in Mexico , largely because of a lack of faith that justice will ever be served .
Apple is set to double its Chinese stores to 40 this year , one of the reasons analysts think China will become the tech giant ' s biggest market as soon as 2017 .
She was born in New York but adopted as a baby before growing up in California where her parents worked as TV writers .
Though he was on the road most of the year for 40 years , playing to packed houses , he seemed to be always broke .
" I ' m at a point in my life with my son , with my new marriage , it ' s a new me ," she shared .
There are 23 million small businesses in the country , and 54 % of U . S . sales happen at these small businesses .
Ohio State ( 11 - 1 ) was the defending national champion and spent the season ' s first 10 weeks at No .
He pointed to recent polls that have showed him leading Republican candidates by a larger margin than Clinton in early voting states .
The east of the country is burning and it feels like no one here has noticed ... we are one step away from a civil war .
It looks at what happens when a case comes down to one person ' s word against the other , as Adams was accused by someone who was in the car with him at the time of the murder .
This is a forecast that in the last 24 hours has jumped up several times and ( is ) now as high as 28 inches .
She said the extended family , which occupied nine sites , stayed between six to eight weeks over the school holidays .
He said : ' There was just so much meat and , although if I had more time it might have been easier , because I had to finish within 40 minutes it was extremely difficult .
But that ' s now seven years ago , and we may still be some considerable way from seeing it arrive .
Meanwhile , his lawyers are seeking High Court permission to serve proceedings on Google at its headquarters in the United States .
Obama , then 28 , is a summer law associate who wants to take Robinson , his adviser and a working attorney , out on a date .
He ' s been injured and missed a year and I think he feels duty - bound in some ways .
" This government was elected to deliver security and opportunity - whatever stage of life you ' re at ," said Cameron .
However , this is 2016 and the stocks of celebrities willing to appear on this sort of programme are running dry .
The big difference I ' m finding this year is because there are a lot more games [ shown ] you ' re able to tell a bit of a story ," she said .
There are certain words such as " crime " the jury should not use in responding to the questions , Sir John said .
Maybe the amount of games they played then is different to what we play now , but it will always be very difficult .
But Mr White attack the request , saying , " If they ' re asking for millions more to do the job that we ' re already paying them to do , what are they doing with the money ?
We have to travel to Ukraine on Monday , so I don ' t see any reason why we can ' t play on the Saturday .
" There was nothing to prepare us for this , it was probably worst day of my life ," she said .
He was rescued by friends after coming to the surface who helped the man aboard the Coast Guard ' s boat , which happened to be in the area .
To protect his privacy and maintain the integrity of his characters , though , he has avoided revealing too much of himself in public over the years .
By all the laws of traditional politics , Iowa should be an easy gain for his closest rival Ted Cruz , who is only a few percentage points behind in polls .
Her department initially asked for $ 1 . 5 million but the supermarket agreed to pay a third of that .
I was in a rush , had left it as usual a little too late to set out for the airport .
Every year , more than a million people will arrive , desperate to find their only child the perfect match - a huge burst in popularity since the first worried parents arrived in 2005 , looking for their future in - laws .
I am delighted with our growth through 2015 , which provides an excellent base for further development of our business .
But if I was out for the night with a friend , a bottle each ( both shared ) was fine .
A few weeks later , while on holiday in New York , came the moment when she decided it was .
I know there were only about 10 , 000 people in the ground but I have met three and a half million who were there .
It ' s obviously a very popular place to park , but that does not necessarily mean there should be more fines there .
If Mr Osborne , has his way , she ' ll be around for a lot longer yet ; last week , he nominated her for a second term .
Many fans of the comic book hero had been hoping the film would get an ' R ' rating , largely out of a stated desire to remain true to the source material .
However he added that he was " struck " by the fact that American voters , including President Barack Obama , are expected to sign for ballot papers when they vote .
It ' s important to remember Australia , like China , is experiencing an economic transition as the mining boom winds down .
The future I ' d planned isn ' t there any more , so I have to create a new one .
Watson and the Tigers couldn ' t pull out a victory , falling to Alabama 45 - 40 in the national championship game Monday night .
But he says the company will be sending more and new kinds of data to the government than it has in the past .
The Vermont senator leads Donald Trump , Texas Sen . Ted Cruz and New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie by 23 percentage points .
If you get lucky , take the time to find some professional tax help for guidance on how to reduce the tax blow .
That ' s something that really got to me because I ' ve never been told that by teachers , and they kept on pushing me forward .
While the two countries are neighbours and have close ties , that is not reflected in the amount of cricket they have played against each other .
The hate in this world is too thick so I ' ll be the bigger person and only spread love back .
A senior security official at the airline denied that any of its employees had been arrested or were under suspicion , and an Interior Ministry official also said there had been no arrests .
When parents reach retirement age its natural they want to spend some more time with their families , and particularly their children .
South Korea will review safety at six low cost airlines after the flight was forced to make the emergency return to the Philippines .
In terms of a level that I ' ve played , it ' s the match to forget for me ," said Djokovic .
The teen told police she regularly visited Thomson ' s house with friends and they all spent time together in his bedroom , listening to music and playing computer games .
" I think we are surprised - we knew it would be a success but half a million passengers since the beginning is good news and over the forecasts that were predicted ," he said .
Mr Smith , who was believed to have been sleeping rough for a number of years , had suffered multiple injuries .
" In particular this year there ' s just a couple of technical things I ' ve been working on that haven ' t been huge changes , but have just helped my game a little bit ," Ross said .
With his fate in Iowa depending on turning out new voters , a no - show at the debate is definitely a risk .
A forward is currently the main priority as Diego Costa has suffered a crisis of confidence in front of goal .
She ' s obviously in good form , but I think maybe the bigger threats are going to come from within her own team .
It was only 30 minutes , and with one man less , it ' s not easy , but I think I did good work ," he said .
For significant service to public administration , particularly in the areas of law enforcement integrity , anti - corruption and human rights .
" If Europe is not capable of protecting its own borders , it ' s the very idea of Europe that will be questioned ," he said .
When Georgia was born in June 2011 , doctors noticed her head was slightly larger than normal and immediately took her for tests .
6 ( UPI ) -- A California family is trying to track down the author of a 28 - year - old message in a bottle discovered by a 5 - year - old boy .
February 1 , 2003 - The Columbia breaks up about 38 miles over East Texas on its return to Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
The truth is that we just don ' t know where this is going , but we do know that American politics won ' t be the same for a long while .
Now that China has made the transition from a developing to a middle - income country , its growth will be driven by technology , consumer demand and the services sector .
In an interview published in the Daily Mail today , she claims he forced her into an open marriage and turned their son against her .
It was at 10 . 5 percent in November , which is high , but the lowest in more than four years and well below the 12 percent of 2013 .
Police responded , and the 25 - year - old woman said she was fine , but they noticed the cut on her arm and a broken glass and took her to a hospital .
Around 95 homes were destroyed , along with the post office , shops and the town ' s fire station , said local media .
If we can all continue what we ' ve been doing over this past year , we ' re going to get in that team room and be pretty excited about who is next to us .
Mr Reid said therefore he felt funeral directors had a big part to play in the process but they did not appear in any legislation .
When you ' re going through a career - changing moment , there ' s a two - year - old that keeps it real .
Before Thursday ' s event , the group had only been contacted by Trump ' s people to gather more information about the organization .
The artist ' s wife , Helen , said : " John was moved to produce a body of work in celebration of those remarkable women .
Next week ' s planned walk - out by junior doctors has been suspended as talks continue with the Government over new contracts , the British Medical Association announced today .
Joe Anderson , the mayor of Liverpool , argued that with the UK on track to miss its renewable energy targets for 2020 , action on climate change at the local level was vital .
It had been trading above its long - term average in August , but is now at 11 . 3 , below the 12 . 1 average .
At this point , the 7 p . m . to near midnight zone looks like the main target , more or less .
It is time for us to open our eyes and not to think about the world as we wish it was but to deal with the world as we see it is .
Republicans , who are seeking to take control of the White House from Democrats in the November presidential election , have made President Barack Obama ' s foreign policy a key campaign issue .
For a start , it says we ' ve made a lot of progress in getting the rest of the economy growing strongly .
However , she did not leave with anything to prepare either of them for even a short stay away , and nothing has been heard since .
But as was the case with the 71 - year - old woman assaulted on Monday , there have been cases in which there was " absolutely no prior contact ," he said .
I wasn ' t eating - one nurse would come up with a hot chocolate and a cake every morning , and I could manage to eat this sweet thing .
Officials in California announced Thursday that a teacher who taught English at a maximum - security jail has been arrested on suspicion of helping the three inmates escape .
Trump announced he ' ll hold a competing event in Iowa , just three miles from the debate venue , that will benefit veterans on Thursday night , and he claims two candidates have already called him to say they want to join him .
She can reach people equally by telling their stories and talking about how she ' s going to fix them .
After the 2015 season , Johnson told several teammates that he was considering retirement because of football ' s physical demands on his body .
I think this is a sport that could be , and should be , more relevant to younger people to come out and play .
In a company report last year , 11 percent of drivers said they actually lost money after being their employment with Uber .
Every new project she takes on is even more excellent than her last and it has inspired me since the day I met her 7 years ago .
There ' s a lot of guys playing well and I ' m just proud to be a part of that and proud to be a part of the mix of those top guys right now and I want to continue to do that .
The U . S . says it takes no position on the claims but says developments in the South China Sea are a national security interest .
More than a third of injuries among kids ages five to 10 years were head or neck injuries , a higher proportion than for older kids .
The study claims that the mean summer temperatures across Europe " appear to reflect the influence of external forcing during periods ," or , to put it another way , are the result of man - made climate change .
This produced an effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 31 . 7 %, compared to 29 . 4 % for the prior quarter .
If you pop in to or look at the website of any major bank you ' ll find lots of information for anyone that wants a new investment - but very little help for those already saving .
Mr Smith was told by his fraud case officer there are at least 10 other similar cases currently being investigated with one victim allegedly losing £ 40 , 000 .
She at first refused to go the hospital and then bit an officer when she was finally placed in an ambulance .
The father of one said : " I am pleased that the British legal system has recognised that the most vulnerable need help .
A US - led coalition air strike has destroyed a bank used by the Islamic State group in the Iraqi city of Mosul .
The fire door has a gap of two or three inches and so I think it would have let smoke inside .
" We really want people to act now when we can actually save those children ' s lives ," she said .
He cited in particular the advanced cruise missile , estimated to cost up to $ 30 billion for roughly 1 , 000 weapons .
By the time of the next debate , this stage will look different , since it has at every debate so far .
In that case , the test is a sign to look for more trouble ( and human suffering ) within North Korea ' s borders .
The 19 - year - old has also broken into the England squad and scored his first international goal in the 2 - 0 victory over France in November .
Only 12 percent of U . S . private - sector employees have access to any paid family leave through their jobs , according to the U . S . Labor Department .
We want all NHS patients to have the confidence that they will get the same high - quality care every day of the week .
Once he ' s all better and the infection is gone , we can release him back to the wild .
We may have to start at 3 o ' clock in the morning and travel six or seven hours to get to this particular tournament .
He called the letter a " common sense approach " and said it only applied to a " handful " of students , out of hundreds .
They also get papers so they can travel through the country , medical and psychological support , food , and other goods and information .
As the African humans spread out across the world , they came into contact with other ancient humans based in Europe and Western Asia .
I made her because in the wake of the Paris terror attacks and British air strikes in Syria I felt the point needed making that not all Muslims are bad .
There ' s no two ways about it - it ' s going to be hard to get any decent return on your money .
I am beginning my campaign in New Hampshire and I decided to do that based upon the process that is in place in Iowa and the primary that ' s in place in New Hampshire .
Our technology is for the first time closing the obvious and highly sought after gap between slow - but - cheap transport by ship and fast - but - expensive travel by aircraft .
She was a top lawyer in the Clinton White House and served as Hillary Clinton ' s chief of staff at the State Department .
THE mayor of a city south of Mexico ' s capital was shot to death on Saturday , less than a day after taking office , officials said .
A helicopter was used to search the lower parts of the mountain , but could not get up to summit level because of the weather .
Even taking into account the overall drop in the size of the armed forces in recent years , the figures still represent an eight per cent fall in black and minority ethnic officers in the space of six years .
The good thing with the muscle injury is he could start to run and all the others things he needs , but not play football .
A window of opportunity has been opened for action in Canada , and we should find a way to act .
As the day sort of went on and I decided to play , I started to focus a little bit better .
The vast majority of people holding cash are earning less than the inflation rate , which was 1 . 6 per cent in December .
Almost half of those doing so in 2014 / 15 were European , with 36 % from central and eastern Europe and 10 % from other EU countries .
They know and understand where it sits , they know and understand that still playing for your country is the ultimate and they have significant respect for those that do .
Earlier this month , Mr Cameron told the Commons he was considering the issue " in good faith ," and the BBC understands he has yet to make up his mind whether to take more refugees .
My purpose is to bring awareness around the promotion of mental health and to show others that life can have meaning after such a devastating loss .
But the rapid decline of oil prices - beginning in 2014 and continuing through today - has done more to slow oil producers than it has to attract oil consumers .
It ' s not going to prevent every mass shooting ; it ' s not going to keep every gun out of the hands of a criminal .
But he added : " They will make this thing work because they have no choice , there ' s no alternative .
If Apple thought that the results were going to be any different than they are , I would be surprised .
Mitchell acknowledged there was nothing the international community could do to stop Russia ' s airstrikes , but he insisted there would be consequences .
But throughout this period , and in its aftermath , we will continue to have responsibility for governing the country and serving the public who elected us .
" We said we would conduct a fair process , and I believe we have done that ," Mayor Frank Jackson said .
The person who is losing , well , I have lost X amount in a row ; I don ' t have anything to lose .
" In short , theory and common sense suggests that people will kill when they can get away with it and when there is something to gain ," he said .
' It won ' t bring her back , I know , but perhaps it will bring a bit of justice and make people realise that she was very desperate .
" There ' s a lot of listening that happened from the White House ' s perspective , they want to know what these cities are doing ," she said .
At this time of year it ' s always good to have someone there that can give the club a lift .
It said the price of property coming to market climbed 0 . 5 per cent in the last month , the second highest Christmas / New Year period rise since 2007 .
More than $ 100 million in income from the events center project alone is expected for Detroit residents , with significant additional income to be created through future private development .
It ' s going to be pretty hard for this stuff to survive , certainly in the 100 - year time frame .
It took 17 days from start to finish - from the moment we walked into the studio to day 17 , the record was mixed and finished and never touched again .
If he is alive and he ' s out there and sees this , we ' d love to just hear from him and know that he ' s OK .
These players have all earned their opportunity through hard work during pre - season , so I want them to back themselves and their decision making under pressure in a game situation .
If he felt he could still reach the final , he must have recognised that he would struggle to contain Djokovic on two legs , let alone one .
He had blood around the chest area and on his upper body , while another man with a knife was standing near the body .
And yet the company had struggled for 15 years with very little interest in its technology - until the rest of the world finally caught up with it .
I used to be able to run forever , but now I ' m , like : my legs aren ' t working .
" You just want to know you left it all on the floor , and I think we did ," the former president told ABC News .
The result , at least for now , has been a 75 percent drop in the price of oil the last 18 months , down to $ 30 - a - barrel .
" You shouldn ' t do this job for too long because you get used to things you shouldn ' t get used to ," he says .
But , when population growth is taken into account , the overall increase amounts to less than one per cent .
" I think our chances of getting back are still there and we will get back but it will take longer ," he said .
It wasn ' t until the third day that we spoke at length about end - of - life care .
" I love that my words stand on their own ," she writes in the blog ' s " about me " entry .
And the true number could in fact be much higher , because these figures do not include teachers who are facing criminal charges but have not yet appeared in court .
I came from the immigrant background , and with all the problems we ' ve got now with immigration and refugees , we ' ve got to look at ways to help each other out .
What ' s crazy is that people living in his street , in his town or city aren ' t allowed to know .
Out of the $ 77 . 5 million Clinton ' s campaign raised in the first six months of her campaign , $ 2 million -- or just less than 3 percent -- came from Wall Street .
David Bowie ' s half - century career will be defined , as it well should be , by his music output .
" You don ' t want to hear people say that about you and put it in the paper ," he said .
" I am in discussions with a few people at the moment , to see how we can take all of this further ," he said .
In addition to job growth , the city also saw a rise in the number of job applications being made to available roles .
A preliminary report by the experts is expected to be published in August , although the debate will continue for years .
On his cycling career , the Perth - born forward said : " I wasn ' t too bad back in the day .
" There ' s not only the risk to the individual ( smoking ) but also others around them ," he said .
I need you to pick them up and deliver them to my son - in - law as a surprise for his birthday .
I also think , I really liked the idea of being able to give something to the fans that they were wanting .
We will apply our same principle ' s we have used to build the highest quality performance cars to the off - road market .
Even in the two weeks when I trained with the team , I ' m picking up new things - and I ' m 35 years of age and don ' t even play for Liverpool any more ," he said .
While he hopes to go the distance this time around , Murray is hoping for staying power of a different kind - that his wife Kim will keep to her due date of mid - February .
13 attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris , and authorities were preparing for a possible worst - case scenario on New Year ' s Eve .
They ' ve only agreed to sign them at the end of the season , so it ' s business as usual for me .
These proposals are designed to make our stores easier to shop in and be more effective in delivering the low prices , quality and good value which customers tell us they want .
Police are now appealing for members of the public who may have seen or heard anything suspicious on Friday night to come forward .
To have that it ' s not just the members of the president ' s party edition and I am expecting that he ' s coming into our homes my house .
When cars were pulled over , the result was almost always a warning , not the $ 30 fine that has been announced .
They can fight , as Uber is currently doing in San Francisco ' s federal court ; the case is expected to go to trial this year .
The first public signal of the attacks came in May 2011 , though no direct link was immediately made with the Chinese authorities .
The trend is expected to continue into 2016 , particularly as the US has now begun to raise interest rates .
It would be a good thing , both for the UK finances and for the image of these great companies , if they paid more ," he wrote .
An activist described scenes of chaos at the school as he arrived after the strike , about 8 a . m . local time Monday .
I ' d not given him my contact details - he must have used the bank ' s information to track me down .
Asked about the challenge of facing Williams , she said : " There is no reason I shouldn ' t be looking to improve and to getting my game in a better position than any other previous round .
We had always thought we would have three children - and we did - but there comes a point where you have to accept what was meant to be .
But clearly the responsibility to keep quiet and be loyal does not lie only with those who find themselves in opposition to the leadership .
Commonwealth public hospital funding continues to grow over the next four years , with an increase of $ 3 . 3 billion or around 21 . 5 per cent .
" You have to ask No 10 as to why final approval went through , and it has been in the hands of the Cabinet Office after my time at the Department for Education ," he said .
While it can be a valuable communication tool , it ' s clear that it ' s a source of stress or frustration for many of us .
Five men from England have been charged with involvement in serious organised crime after a cash machine was stolen in a raid in a Scottish town .
I haven ' t even started on her yet although last week I did a little bit , I guess but we haven ' t even started .
" While it is possible to determine where children are associated with armed forces or armed groups , it is much more difficult to determine how many children have been involved ," the 2007 report noted .
No doubt he ' ll share them with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany when the two leaders sit down for lunch in Berlin on Friday .
I ' ll try to have him next week as part of it for me as well , just the lead - in .
You have 2 million people in the U . S . alone checked out on pain medicine , walking around , driving the same streets as your kids .
I ' m also finding my office mate to be a negative person ( both about work and life in general ) and this is getting me down .
He has been a resident in the UK since 2009 but never paid any tax in this country , claiming he was not sure of his status here .
It came as the first strike by junior doctors in 40 years took place in a row over the terms of new contracts .
By the time I had got up and looked out of the window there was a huge cloud of dust which came through and over our village .
There is , however , something else which is of equal , if not more , importance in a free and democratic country and that is the maintenance of the rule of law itself .
She said : ' At one point , I gave him a proper talking to , telling him he had to be strong and had to pull through for me and the kids .
It ' s getting harder and harder for people to live within their means or with the amount of debt they have .
He made his first six shots , finished 8 - for - 13 and recorded his seventh double - double while playing 30 minutes .
More than £ 2 , 000 has been raised so far with donations coming across the world as people reach out to help the family .
I got to watch him from the inside and I was able to see how he works and how he does deals and how he was able to negotiate in difficult times .
A US study shows our suicide rate appears higher than that of other professional groups , with young doctors at the beginning of their training being particularly vulnerable .
European leaders said they will do what they can to make sure British Prime Minister David Cameron can support his country ' s continued future in the European Union in a referendum expected this year .
President Barack Obama announced on Thursday that $ 80 million in new funding would be available to Michigan next week in order to help the state improve its water infrastructure .
But in the long run , he said , it could have a negative impact on students ' mental health , which will affect their academic performances and damage their chances of social growth .
" I didn ' t want him to get to an age where he felt like he had to keep this secret for me as well ," she said .
The government has the chance to turn things around , but only if they commit to plans that can build homes that people on ordinary wages can actually afford to rent or buy .
But the positive remarks did make it all worth it for me , it was nice to have some recognition for what I do outside of family and friends .
Australian bond future prices opened higher on Monday after global stock markets ended their worst five - day start to a year on Friday .
Not playing well , still winning , still fighting , still finding a way , playing a little bit better at the end , trying to be the aggressive player on the court .
" I would urge you - once again - to admit that your council has got this wrong ," he wrote .
But a study published last year concluded that the pass mark was set too low - and insisted that foreign doctors who pass are not up to the same standard as newly - trained doctors in Britain .
If you must drive , watch weather reports prior to driving , especially a long distance trip , or before driving in isolated areas , so you know about delays and what to expect regarding conditions .
She has an extraordinary capacity to take a picture of the world that allows us to see it with new eyes and to see the truth of the world as it ' s being handed to us .
For a start , leaving the car at home almost always involves more walking - to and from the bus stop or train station - bringing extra fresh air and exercise .
I called my mum and she brought me home , and for the next three years it just would not stop .
The executive also touched on the current status of Facebook ' s digital virtual assistant M , which he said was going well .
I don ' t want to step on the strategy of the club but he ' s a very important player , a nice player .
" People couldn ' t miss the opportunity for us to say , this is what ' s happening and we really need help ," Mitchell told The Associated Press .
We ' ve talked about it a little bit over dinner , we like to get together for dinner and we have a good time together .
The shift is part of a broader change in looking at gun violence as more of a public health issue and less of a matter of crime .
Good looking customers attract more people and make you more cash , so you sit them where they can be seen .
Last year , some friends moved into the new three - bedroom home they had built on semi - rural block of land in northern NSW .
But it ' s also not too late for Kasich , Bush , or Christie to benefit from a surge in New Hampshire and earn the establishment ' s backing .
" After the first round , we sent out a survey to see how many people liked it and 100 percent of people who joined said they liked it ," Antonio said .
If we can win the grand final on Sunday and qualify for Rio , I can ' t imagine things getting any better .
On the Democratic side , former first lady Hillary Clinton and Sen . Bernie Sanders are locked in a close race .
The actions we are taking today are all in the interest of our customers ' and employees ' safety , and will help us return to service once the storm passes and the snow is cleared .
Many of the families who seek help say they have run out of money and we are their only source of food .
The bonus - point system will be changed to encourage teams to attack throughout the entire game , with extra points offered for teams who win by three or more tries .
These pictures are going directly to a parent ' s phone , so at what point is a child not safe ?
The couple met at an army base in Germany when they were both 18 , married , moved to the United States and had three children .
But our effort wasn ' t enough it was one of those games where you just had to take care of the ball .
In March , the museum will re - launch its website so that it will read well on a variety of platforms , especially mobile - since more than 90 % of visitors to the museum carry a mobile device of one kind or another .
It was only when we were together that she could switch off and just hang out , leave the job behind .
It rejected a suit by a talent agency against one of its former stars for breaking her contract by dating a fan .
The thing in the box has no place in the language - game at all ; not even as a something : for the box might even be empty .
Even if the Republican - backed Trump attacks don ' t work in the short - term , Clinton suggested he ' d be vulnerable as the GOP nominee in the fall .
" One thing that dad always told me was pitch the ball up and try to swing the ball , and that stuck me and it ' s actually become my biggest weapon , yet ," he said .
The Islamic State terror group has this morning released a new propaganda video claiming to show images and last statements of the people who took part in the November Paris attacks .
He said today that the search was nothing to do with meeting the 15 - year - old and was instead the result of a changing room conversation with his teammates .
A source said the prime minister was planning to set out his thinking when he makes a statement on the December European summit to the House of Commons on Tuesday afternoon .
If you are happy for your children to accept the excellent free education this country has to offer , then you should also be prepared to shake the hand - male or female - of the people who work so hard to provide it .
We want them to promise us in writing , in public that they are actually going to address the concerns that we have .
I think it is probably true , and not just self - serving , that children gain more from spending an extended time abroad than the equivalent in a school .
He doesn ' t want to answer questions from the men and women of Iowa about how his record doesn ' t match what he ' s selling .
US officials on Sunday could not confirm a Saudi news report that nine American citizens were among 33 suspects detained on terrorism charges in Saudi Arabia over the past week .
" Because of the state of the country , and I want the next four years to be different and I believe him ," she said .
There was a serious drink problem in Edinburgh at that time , far worse than today in Scotland , and between 70 to 80 per cent of the crimes were committed because of drink .
He added : ' She ' s a genuine person , she ' s happy for people to see her as she is .
" Both mean that the contribution to economic growth from housing is set to slow in the year ahead ," Dr Oliver said .
The only time the world No 2 lost his serve was in a loose opening game , when he was broken to love .
All I know is I can no longer honour the loan and I will do whatever it takes to protect my family , protect my home .
Democratic presidential front - runner Hillary Clinton might be right when she says most Americans - as many as 80 to 90 percent - support some gun - control proposals , such as expanding background checks .
According to the report , at least one officer quoted a man as saying : " I ' m a Syrian !
While there had been delays at some hospitals , he said staff were " working hard " to maintain patient flow .
There are a few at the start , a couple in the middle and some in the final years of their careers , but not close to retirement .
Local people have a right to know how significant pay and retirement deals are done , particularly where senior officers are re - employed .
Five lives were saved in the teeth of a storm , in conditions the station commander said he had never seen a rescue attempted .
Services generated only $ 6 billion in the first quarter , less than 8 % of overall revenue for the period .
The Republican and Democratic candidates face their first real test in just over a week , when Iowa becomes the first state to make its choice of nominee .
In high school , I ' d pack my lunch , eat everything in the morning and wouldn ' t eat for the rest of the day .
Under its terms , multi - national companies will have to tell the country they operate in what they make in that nation and how much tax they pay .
If I were to earn more than that , I would have to set up my business under a more complicated ( and expensive ) system .
" I haven ' t seen this dancing since the Sydney Olympics in 2000 , I was just thinking while I was watching it ," he said .
I ' ve also given him a structure , in that the narrative follows the nine days between his release from prison and his death .
He will then , as he always said he would , campaign to stay in the EU and this would be the position of the Government .
" There are followers who like my photos without fail , and they ' re mostly younger girls who want to know about my life ," she adds .
" It ' s lucky we ' re in January and there ' s not too many people around ," he said .
City are still in the Premier League title race , through to the knock - out rounds of the Champions League , safely into the fifth round of the FA Cup and set to face Liverpool in the Capital One Cup final .
They carried out airstrikes with Barack Obama ' s anti - Isis coalition in 2014 , but abandoned them at the start of the war in Yemen .
After taking office , President Clinton chose his wife to head a special commission on health care reform , the most significant public policy initiative of his first year in office .
The council had never given a dog direct payments before , but it made sense to me now Ted was responsible for my care 24 hours a day .
Another witness said they saw her wearing plastic bags on her feet , dressed in black and talking to herself as she crossed the road .
It ' s hard to express what that ' s like , and that feeling as a team and all of us in there , that joy .
The region accounts for three per cent of Australia ' s wine production , but approximately 20 per cent of the premium market .
The first British woman to be found guilty of travelling to Syria to join ISIS paid for the trip using a student loan .
The important thing is to get out of this country because I don ' t feel safe ," she said .
It ' s very rare ... someone stops and does something so kind and we need more people like that in the world .
A second band of heavy rain is forecast for Friday , according to the Met Office , with warnings already in place for parts of Scotland , Northern Ireland , north - east England and Wales .
The project had originally been a Facebook page but is now a website in its own right to respond to the worldwide demand .
" I believe that Victoria Police are doing the best they can with the powers they ' ve got ," he said .
" Even if I don ' t win , I really can take away that I ' ve been really consistent and I want to continue that ," Williams added .
We don ' t make people play ; it is their choice to , and these changes were made in October so there is nothing new about them now .
Hammond was also banned from driving for two years after he leaves jail , and will have to sit an extended re - test before taking to the roads again .
Tuesday September 8 : Mrs Thompson was sent home from hospital with an appointment at an eye clinic the following day .
' The only good thing is that I ' ve had amazing support and it ' s given me the chance to tell a lot of people how amazing my husband was .
The market rose in the morning on the back of small gain on Wall Street on Tuesday night , but quickly fell back into negative territory where it stayed for the rest of the session .
If the leader of a state used the same methods , should we hold him up as an example , as you do ?
" We need a labor force participation that is much , much better , and we need the creation of better jobs and better paying jobs ," he said .
