In September six 30 @-@ round AA rocket launchers were added on the sides of the flight deck .
In 62 , Nero 's adviser , [UNK] , died .
The typhoon also dropped torrential rainfall peaking at 683 mm ( 26 @.@ 9 in ) .
[UNK] concluded that American Beauty was " vital but uneven " ; he felt the film 's examination of " the ways which teenagers and adults imagine each other 's lives " was its best point , and that although Lester and Angela 's dynamic was familiar , its romantic irony stood beside " the most enduring literary treatments " of the theme , such as Lolita .
The 2010 World Cup of Pool was held at Robinsons Place Manila .
While [UNK] was requested by Hong Kong to be removed in the list , and was replaced by Dolphin .
To address the issue , several low @-@ cost housing projects were initiated by BDA and Sarawak state government to relocate the squatters .
Jim and Jim , the Burnhams ' other neighbors , are a satire of " gay bourgeois [UNK] " , who " [ invest ] in the numbing sameness " that the film criticizes in heterosexual couples .
His essay , " Ethical Kashrut , " was selected for publication in Arthur Kurzweil 's Best Jewish Writing 2003 .
The Chinese in Bintulu are mainly composed of dialect groups such as Hakka , Fuzhou , and Teochews .
He used Panavision Platinum cameras with the company 's Primo series of prime and zoom lenses .
On the January 11 episode of Raw , Lesnar returned , attacking The New Day , The League of Nations ( Sheamus , King Barrett , Rusev , and Alberto Del Rio ) , and Kevin Owens , before giving an F @-@ 5 to Roman Reigns .
As such , the storm received the name [UNK] .
They returned home on 14 June and the IJN began preliminary planning to replace the lost carriers with hybrid carriers converted from battleships .
The progress of Fusō 's construction , while the IJN waited for the funding to be released and foreign developments , caused the IJN to reassess the Fusō @-@ class design .
Changed by Ricky 's " attractive , profound confidence " , Lester is convinced that Angela is attainable and sees that he must question his " banal , numbingly materialist suburban existence " ; he takes a job at a fast @-@ food outlet , which allows him to regress to a point when he could " see his whole life ahead of him " .
Rossen , who had hustled pool himself as a youth and who had made an abortive attempt to write a pool @-@ themed play called Corner Pocket , optioned the book and teamed with Sidney Carroll to produce the script .
The work is regarded as one of the greatest magazine covers of recent generations and is studied by art students around the world .
After Lesnar and Reigns traded a few false finishes , Rollins cashed in his Money in the Bank contract while the match was in progress , making it a triple threat ; Rollins then pinned Reigns to win the title .
Family [UNK] .
Since the bulk of the Navy remained loyal to the Union , the Confederacy sought to gain advantage in the naval conflict by acquiring modern armored ships .
Mr. McMahon .
The Times remarks , " the Bulldogs are very well prepared for their opponents , and they do not rattle easily " , and says that the resulting confidence has led to the team 's success .
He never again attempted the examinations , instead petitioning the emperor directly in 751 , 754 and probably again in 755 .
Boats of the class served in three navies : the German Imperial Navy , the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy , and the Bulgarian Navy .
The battle ended in a victory for the United Nations after large numbers of United States ( US ) and Republic of Korea ( ROK ) troops repelled a strong North Korean attack .
Some [UNK] have the unique property of [UNK] stable nitrogen atoms at room temperature due to an inversion barrier of 24 to 31 kcal / mol .
A Somali officer who had a previous relationship with the embassy , Major Siad , agreed to travel to rescue the German chargé d 'affaires and British ambassador ( junior staff from the British embassy had previously come to the US embassy ) .
Charles E. Wagner of the Exhibitor 's Trade Review found it to be a good film with great direction and photography , but was concerned that the stunt in which the baby appeared to be involved in the accident was too real .
He eventually resigned the legislative seat under protest because of pressure from his fellow legislators .
Suetonius and Cassius Dio favor Nero as the arsonist , so he could build a palatial complex .
Along the coast , observers reported very rough seas as the eye neared land .
Ise was hit twice during the attack , but her casualties , if any , are unknown .
On August 31 , 1950 , Lake U @-@ p 'o was a large body of water although in most places very shallow .
Several suborders of [UNK] were recognized in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
At Stuart , winds removed or badly damaged 75 % of the roofs in town .
The main reason for the French use of wooden hulls for the ironclad fleet built in the 1860s was that the French iron industry could not supply enough , and the main reason why Britain built its handful of wooden @-@ hulled ironclads was to make best use of hulls already started and wood already bought .
Despite this , the Ulster Unionist Party controlled the local council , Londonderry Corporation , from 1923 onwards .
He was booed loudly upon being pulled from the game .
He made his first appearance of the season on 26 October 2010 , starting in goal for United 's 3 – 2 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers in the fourth round of the League Cup .
Particularly heavy fighting took place at the Battle of the Bowling Alley where the NK 13th Division was almost completely destroyed in the attack .
When Harriet Monroe started her Poetry magazine in 1911 , she had asked Pound to act as foreign editor .
Alternatively , the backs of many of these massive monuments may have been flattened to ease their transport , providing a stable form for hauling the monuments with ropes .
Rainfall there peaked at 727 mm ( 28 @.@ 62 in ) .
Kutuzov had led the Coalition army across the Danube at Krems , a short distance past Stein , and destroyed the bridge behind him .
He compared ( as did Arjona and other critics ) the production values and musical style of Independiente with past albums Animal Nocturno and Historias .
The album also debuted at number one on the Latin Pop Albums chart for the week ending 22 October , becoming Arjona 's fifth album to do so .
He is also known for having one of the better pickoff moves to first base and is considered one of the better fielding pitchers in the game .
He uses his allies Vastra , Jenny , and Strax to keep people away from him .
Despite these drawbacks in the Tetrarch 's design , Soviet authorities believed it to be comparable to the T @-@ 70 light tank in use at the time , and decided that it was suitable to be used in combat .
The images of snow , which provoke desires for a spiritual life , transition into an analysis of the four classical elements of fire , earth , air and water and how fire is the primary element of the four .
To penetrate armor , increasingly heavy guns were mounted on ships ; nevertheless , the view that ramming was the only way to sink an ironclad became widespread .
These two were interested in exploring Greek poetic models , especially Sappho , an interest that Pound shared .
Gerry won the election .
The case attracted commentary by two contemporary writers .
The Division of the City Schools of Manila , a branch of the Department of Education , refers to the city 's three @-@ tier public education system .
The season closed with the dissipation of a tropical depression east of the Philippines on December 27 .
After UB @-@ 8 was transferred to the Bulgarian Navy in May 1916 , she was renamed Podvodnik No. 18 ( in Cyrillic : [UNK] No. 18 ) .
The full @-@ length golden curtain @-@ like folds painted in heavy brush strokes are in part influenced by Degas but also similar to Titian 's 1558 Portrait of Cardinal Filippo [UNK] .
Dick shows Logan a sex tape of Piz and Veronica that has been circulating in an email .
Consequently , command further devolved to Lieutenant Field Marshal Karl Philipp , Prince of Schwarzenberg , an able cavalry officer but inexperienced in the command of such a large army .
Faced with this opposition , in 1992 the Orthodox members left , renting new premises and hiring their own rabbi , creating Eugene 's second synagogue , originally called " The [UNK] [UNK] " , and in 1998 renamed " Congregation [UNK] Torah " .
Residents built barricades and carried clubs and similar arms to prevent the RUC from entering .
The US 2nd Division released E Company to the regiment and the next day it joined F Company to build up what became the main defensive position of the 23d Regiment in front of Changnyong .
Jim Phelan National Coach of the Year Award finalist ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 ) .
The original headstone dimensions were 76 centimetres ( 30 in ) tall , 38 cm ( 15 in ) wide , and 7 @.@ 6 cm ( 3 @.@ 0 in ) thick .
The floods also displaced 8 @,@ 367 people in 1 @,@ 686 families and destroyed 178 homes .
Clara cautions the Doctor that if he wipes her memory , she will forget how to deal with the snowmen .
Sometime during the reign of Titus ( 79 – 81 ) , another impostor appeared in Asia and sang to the accompaniment of the lyre and looked like Nero but he , too , was killed .
Encyclopædia Britannica 19 ( 11th ed . ) .
In November 2006 Jim Crone and Sergeant Major Pete Jackson , senior tunnel guide with the Royal Gibraltar Regiment , met possibly the only member of Operation Tracer still alive when they travelled to meet Dr. W. A. Bruce Cooper at his home in England .
The DVD featured a full concert performance by the band from October 2006 in Moscow and the music videos for " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 , " " Through Glass , " and " [UNK] . " When talking about the special edition , vocalist Taylor said , " we really wanted to do something which was really cool , " saying that this shows the band 's different musical elements and them in their live element , which he says " people really gravitate towards . " In addition to this , Stone Sour released a live album of their concert in Moscow exclusively on iTunes , entitled Live in Moscow .
Campbell called his filters electric wave filters , but this term later came to mean any filter that passes waves of some frequencies but not others .
In the 1830s and 1840s , France , Britain and the United States had all experimented with iron @-@ hulled but unarmored gunboats and frigates .
The ensuing battle became known as the Battle of the [UNK] .
Nero was older than his stepbrother Britannicus , and thus became heir to the throne .
Due to land interaction the storm temporarily weakened and decoupled before reforming in the Philippine Sea .
Napoleon arrived to take personal command of close to 80 @,@ 000 men .
During the Triassic period , these animals dominated the freshwater ecosystems , evolving in a range of both small and large forms .
According to Drew Miller of Stylus , the soundtrack " [ gives ] unconscious voice " to the characters ' psyches and complements the subtext .
The war with Parthia was not Nero 's only major war but he was both criticized and praised for an aversion to battle .
Marchers trying to escape met another party of police and " these police also used their batons indiscriminately . " Water cannons were also used .
All six of the magazine 's reviewers recommended the game .
Cena claimed Lesnar nearly ended his career and even named his new finishing move the " [UNK] " as a jab at the new champion .
Veronica learns that one of Jenny ’ s group lives in the same town in Georgia where the student ID machines are made .
The reviewer also lauded the cliffhanger ending , stating , “ it was a reminder of how exciting and intense this show can be at its best .
One advantage of using N @-@ [UNK] is that higher chiral induction is almost invariably observed relative to [UNK] and other oxidants .
On Chichi @-@ jima , Typhoon [UNK] produced sustained winds of 102 km / h ( 63 mph ) , with gusts to 200 km / h ( 124 mph ) , which was the third strongest on record for the station .
The Pasig River Ferry Service which runs on the Pasig River is another form of transportation .
The overhang of the flight deck at the stern increased the overall length to 219 @.@ 62 metres ( 720 ft 6 in ) and the beam was slightly reduced to 31 @.@ 71 metres ( 104 ft 0 in ) .
Temnospondyli became a commonly used name at the turn of the century .
About 1 @.@ 47 million lost power , and widespread crop damage occurred , resulting in the worst rice crop in 23 years .
Broke ( 2000 ) .
Turner and this tank came under heavy North Korean fire which shot away the tank 's periscope and antennae and scored more than 50 hits on it .
The book generated considerable controversy because of its apparent " admiration for Hitler " .
It was said that Nero craved the attention , but historians also write that Nero was encouraged to sing and perform in public by the Senate , his inner circle and the people .
Some questioned the large public expenditure on entertainment .
[UNK] was later placed as a [UNK] with other [UNK] , but confusion existed for many years over the classification of small amphibians .
[UNK] , David ( 1998 ) .
There was one scheduled exception to this at the start of the season : the New South Wales Patriots ' final home series against the Perth Heat was held at Gilchrist Oval , whereas all of their other home games were held at Blacktown Baseball Stadium .
Many of the ideas Steiner expresses in The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. were reworked from these earlier works .
The sides of this deck sloped downwards to meet the bottom of the lower strake of the belt armour .
Other indigenous tribes that form the minority are Kayan , Kenyah , and [UNK] .
With low wind shear and favorable outflow , the convection became better organized , and the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Parma on October 21 .
Free Derry came to an end on 31 July 1972 , when thousands of British troops moved in with armoured cars and bulldozers to occupy the area .
Seeing Eddie 's anger , Bert agrees to let the match continue at $ 1 @,@ 000 a game .
The New York Times , USA Today , ESPN , and other commentators have attributed Butler 's success against teams with superior athletes to Stevens ' coaching style .
It peaked at No. 16 on the Independent Albums chart , and at No. 138 on the Billboard 200 .
The Commission and the Dean of Westminster reached an agreement that the roll would eventually be placed in Westminster Abbey but not until the roll was complete and hostilities had ended .
An [UNK] is an organic molecule that features a three @-@ membered [UNK] containing oxygen , nitrogen , and carbon .
Legendary coach Bob Knight , whose Texas Tech team was an early victim , said " I wish we played as smart as they do . " Virginia Tech coach Seth Greenberg added " they 've got toughness about them and they expect to win . " .
There was also a belief that they were arresting people at random , sometimes days after the alleged offence , and based on the identification of people that they had seen from a considerable distance .
Production was delayed by several factors , and as a consequence , only 100 to 177 of the tanks were produced .
At No Way Out in June , Triple H challenged Lesnar , who was not present , to a match at SummerSlam which Lesnar refused .
With these final scenes , Mendes intended to show Lester at the conclusion of a " mythical quest " .
Hitler 's speech at the end of the book disturbed many readers and critics .
Superfamily [UNK] .
The influence can be further seen in the gold @-@ coloured ornaments on the back of the seat that extend on both sides of the figure .
The large size of the leaves , inflorescences and fruit of many [UNK] species makes them difficult to collect .
Nero 's previous advisor , Seneca was ordered to commit suicide after admitting he discussed the plot with the conspirators .
He trialled several versions of the opening ; the first edit included bookend scenes in which Jane and Ricky are convicted of Lester 's murder , but Mendes excised these in the last week of editing because he felt they made the film lose its mystery , and because they did not fit with the theme of redemption that had emerged during production .
The police action caused outrage in the nationalist area of Derry , and at a meeting four days later the Derry Citizens ' Action Committee ( [UNK] ) was formed , with John Hume as chairman and Ivan Cooper as vice @-@ chairman .
The T @-@ number and CI value are the same except for weakening storms , in which case the CI is higher .
Arjona does not win the latter award since 2005 with Adentro in a shared win with Mexican singer Julieta Venegas .
American mortars and artillery began firing counterbattery .
The Commission is currently responsible for the continued commemoration of 1 @.@ 7 million deceased Commonwealth military service members in 153 countries .
The Southern schools refused even to schedule games against schools that played African @-@ American players .
This difference generally results in JTWC maximum winds appearing higher than the maximum winds described by the JMA for the same cyclone .
Villagers could pursue their secondary school studies at either Miri or Kuching by using small boats as there were no roads connecting Bintulu to either Miri or Kuching .
Nick Setchfield of SFX gave the special four and a half out of five stars , writing that " the power of emotion saves the day again " was appropriate in light of the festivities and many fairytales referenced in the story .
Chiral [UNK] act [UNK] on many [UNK] alkenes .
An initial capital campaign raised more than $ 1 @.@ 8 million , which fully paid for the land , and by August 2007 an additional $ 1 @.@ 7 million had been raised towards anticipated overall project costs of $ 5 million .
The central peak is about 200 m in height .
Gibraltar was a very tempting target for the Italians , who saw it as a refuge for British warships and allied merchant shipping .
The CCC pattern , with its large and quickly developing mass of thick cirrus clouds spreading out from an area of convection near a tropical cyclone center within a short time frame , indicates little development .
Alfredo Lim once again ran for mayor and defeated [UNK] 's son Ali in the 2007 city election and immediately reversed all of [UNK] 's projects claiming [UNK] 's projects made little contribution to the improvements of the city .
Persistent moderate wind shear and dry air prevented the cyclone from strengthening significantly in the storm 's early stages .
The film was shot on location in New York City .
The film crew built a dining area that was so realistic that confused passengers sat there and waited to place their orders .
What is notable is that Bacon continued to use the motif , with intervals until the end of his life .
Increasing wind shear on October 30 caused rapid weakening , resulting in the eye dissipating .
In the second section , there is a ghost who is the compilation of various poets , including Dante , Swift , Yeats , and others .
After game two of the championship series , Victoria 's Matthew Blackmore was named both Claxton Shield Final Series MVP and Pitcher of the Year .
His six straight strikeouts in the game tied a MLB postseason record set by Tim Belcher in the second game of the 1988 World Series .
The headquarters of the Philippine Coast Guard is located at the South Harbor in Port Area near Intramuros and Ermita .
This was the standard Japanese light AA gun during World War II , but it suffered from severe design shortcomings that rendered it a largely ineffective weapon .
The judicial branch is administered solely by the Supreme Court of the Philippines under the Metro Manila judicial region .
Their base was shifted later to the Italian tanker SS [UNK] , interned in Algeciras .
Much of Gore 's financial activity was mediated through the Bank of Massachusetts , where his father @-@ in @-@ law was a director .
Between Jupiter and Fort Pierce , the storm knocked down power and telegraph lines .
He had an elder brother , who died young .
The band of the headdress is set at an angle and has a notch above the bridge of the nose .
Even before the arrival of Mortier 's courier , he heard the sound of artillery in the distance and sent riders ahead to discover the cause .
From these French colonies , attacks could be launched that would drive Italy out of the war .
Power outages were also widespread across southeastern China .
The Austrians believed their ships to have less effective guns than their enemy , so decided to engage the Italians at close range and ram them .
Larger barangays have covered courts where [UNK] leagues are held every summer ( April to May ) .
This ratio , Satō theorized , would enable the Imperial Japanese Navy to defeat the US Navy in one major battle in Japanese waters in any eventual conflict .
He became the 22nd pitcher in franchise history and the second youngest active pitcher to reach that mark .
At the end of 1919 , the Commission had spent £ 7 @,@ 500 , and this figure rose to £ 250 @,@ 000 in 1920 as construction of cemeteries and memorials increased .
The trackways , called [UNK] , are usually found in strata deposited around freshwater environments , suggesting the animals had some ties to the water .
Those who noted the tiny number of ships that had actually been sunk by ramming struggled to be heard .
The ammunition for these new guns was stored in the magazines originally used for the 14 cm guns and for Turret No. 5 .
He was hired as a sportscaster by [UNK] ( now known as [UNK] ) , which had just started the first television station in Buffalo and the only one serving Southern Ontario .
When the British Home Secretary , Jim Callaghan , visited Northern Ireland and announced his intention to visit the [UNK] on 28 August , he was told that he would not be allowed to bring either police or soldiers with him .
At one time , the regimental reserve was down to six men .
Major Lloyd K. Jenson , executive officer of the 2nd Battalion , accompanied F Company down the Pugong @-@ ni road .
Lawn paths add to the garden ambiance , and are irrigated during the dry season in countries where there is insufficient rain .
When the tanks arrived in the USSR , however , it was apparent that the design problems with the cooling system were also present in cold conditions ; additionally , the cold weather had a deleterious effect on the tank 's suspension and tracks .
Most Improved Wrestler ( 2002 , 2003 ) .
That brings us to the reference to swimming in fire which you will remember at the end of Purgatorio 26 where the poets are found .
General Dwight D. Eisenhower , who was given command of the operation , set up his headquarters in Gibraltar during the planning phases of the operation .
Among them were [UNK] , once placed in [UNK] .
Her art appears to have survived the huge contraction of the primary art market in Australia since 2008 .
In addition , he served as the play @-@ by @-@ play announcer for the University of Buffalo Bulls football team .
The head was largely buried when found ; excavations uncovered a Late Classic ( 600 – 900 AD ) offering associated with the head consisting of a ceramic vessel and a 12 @-@ centimetre ( 4 @.@ 7 in ) long obsidian knife placed pointing northwards towards the head .
In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion .
He was eventually replaced by ex @-@ Soulfly drummer Roy Mayorga who played on all but two tracks on the album .
The 1916 preface to Some Imagist Poets comments " Imagism does not merely mean the presentation of pictures . Imagism refers to the manner of presentation , not to the subject . " .
Even though Britain led the world in steel production , the Royal Navy was slow to adopt steel warships .
One Direction delivered a performance of " Kiss You " , in front of a video game @-@ themed set , on the final of the ninth series of The X Factor UK on 10 December 2012 .
Just as compellingly , the growing size of naval guns made muzzle @-@ loading much more complicated .
" Kiss You " had sold 207 @,@ 000 digital downloads in the US by 18 January 2013 .
Beatriz de la Fuente views them as a late regional survival of an older tradition while other scholars argue that they are merely the kind of regional variant to be expected in a frontier settlement .
The surviving details of the headdress and [UNK] are stylistically similar to those of Tres [UNK] Monument A. The head has been moved to the Museo del Estado de Tabasco in Villahermosa .
On November 13 , he won the NL Cy Young Award for the second time in three seasons .
At one point The New Yorker applied for a copyright from the United States Copyright Office for the work .
On 11 January , the evacuees were offloaded at Muscat , Oman .
The song reached number ten in Mexico and number one on both the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs chart .
Major shopping malls , markets and bazaars thrives in Manila .
Broadcast by Televisa , the program showcased the fourteen songs on Independiente .
" I think it 's a unique way of looking at the game that may be able to help best communicate to your players " , he explains .
The film was also nominated for Best Picture and Newman was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
Names that were not assigned are marked in gray .
The Dutch [UNK] ( Coastal ram ) Zr .
Rizal Park , also known as Luneta Park , is the national park of the country and has an area of 58 hectares ( 140 acres ) , making it the largest urban park in Asia .
The parade took place as planned on 12 August .
The US 2nd Infantry Division had planned a reconnaissance mission to start from there the night of August 31 , the same night that the NK I Corps offensive rolled across the river .
The monsoon trough spawned a tropical depression north of Luzon on August 18 , with PAGASA naming it [UNK] .
The video features scenes reminiscent of the films South Pacific , To Catch a Thief , Jailhouse Rock and Beach Blanket Bingo , as well as the iconic music videos of songs such as The Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Blue Hawaii " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " , among others .
He resigned in June 1816 , unhappy with the politics of Washington and suffering from poor health .
Fellow Guatemalan singer @-@ songwriter Gaby Moreno appeared in several performances , joining Arjona for " Fuiste Tú " .
A protest in the city centre led to clashes with " [UNK] " — unionists in sympathy with the anti @-@ civil rights stance of Ian Paisley .
[UNK] 's work is held in a variety of public and private collections , including Artbank , the Charles Sturt University Collection , the Holmes a Court Collection , and the National Gallery of Victoria .
They are pursued by the ice governess , whom the Doctor traps under a layer of frozen ice crystals .
Non @-@ Christian historian Tacitus describes Nero extensively torturing and executing Christians after the fire of 64 .
He believes the folds serve to " push the viewer back " , creating a distance from the subject , an effect he sees as similar to the separation between and orchestra and setting ; others view the folds as more closely resembling the bars of a prison .
Peppiatt believes that Bacon would have disapproved of such a showing with a work he considered one of the finest ever painted , but writes that two , including Head VI , " stood up to it , and even enhanced its authority as one of the most penetrating studies of human nature and human power " .
Nevertheless , the studio offered the film to Mike Nichols and Robert Zemeckis ; neither accepted .
Crop damage was worst along the Indian River Lagoon ; several farms in Stuart experienced total losses , and statewide , 16 % of the citrus crop , or 4 million boxes , were destroyed .
In those three regions combined , 13 @,@ 000 homes were estimated to have collapsed and a large swath of farmland was damaged .
Du Fu 's political comments are based on emotion rather than calculation : his prescriptions have been paraphrased as , " Let us all be less selfish , let us all do what we are supposed to do " .
The final design was designated A @-@ 92 by the IJN and differed enough from the A @-@ 64 design of the Fusō class that it was considered a separate class .
In 1842 England , a young boy builds a snowman , but refuses to play with the other children .
Late on 9 November they destroyed the bridges across the Danube , holding the last one at the hamlet of Stein , near the village Krems , until the late afternoon .
The flight deck had eight permanent storage positions connected by rails to the catapults and the hydraulically operated aircraft lift that brought the aircraft up from the hangar below on the trolleys used to move the floatplanes about .
He described it as ( who wrote the lyrics )0 and ( who wrote the lyrics )1 .
The tour broke records for ticket sales , commercial gross and attendance .
All the airstrips were completed except for the Bintulu airstrip , where construction was discontinued in October 1938 due to financial reasons .
His return match was scheduled to be at UFC 141 on December 30 in Las Vegas against former Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair [UNK] .
A reviewer for the The New York Dramatic Mirror found the film 's excessive use of coincidental meetings to be highly improbable , but found Warde 's performance to be excellent and the rest of the cast give good performances .
The wider scale of World War II , coupled with manpower shortages and unrest in some countries , meant that the construction and restoration programmes took much longer .
On March 1 , 2016 , Stevens was named the Eastern Conference Coach of the Month for games played during February .
The Italian fleet consisted of 12 ironclads and a similar number of wooden warships , escorting transports which carried troops intending to land on the Adriatic island of Lissa .
Therefore , Gale decided that the 3rd Parachute Brigade and 5th Parachute Brigade ( which did not utilise gliders ) should land in the first lift to clear the landing zones , allowing the 6th Airlanding Brigade to land in the second lift .
In these instances it is proposed that the reaction proceeds through a closed transition state where the metal oxyanion is stabilized by chelation from the sulfate and coordinating groups on the camphor skeleton .
They may have lost scales to make movement easier under water or to allow cutaneous respiration , the absorption of oxygen through the skin .
Ironclads continued to be used in World War I. Towards the end of the 19th century , the descriptions ' battleship ' and ' armored cruiser ' came to replace the term ' ironclad ' .
According to the Daily Mail , their " energetic rendition " of " Kiss You " proved that the group have an elusive quality .
In 55 , he removed Marcus Antonius Pallas , an ally of Agrippina , from his position in the treasury .
He became the first Dodger starter to have back @-@ to @-@ back complete game victories since Jeff Weaver in the 2005 season and the first Dodger to have double @-@ digit strikeouts in consecutive starts since Chan @-@ Ho Park in the 2000 season .
Sylvester describes them as an accentuation of background verticals into stripes that are made to appear as if they pass through the sitter .
The opening in the final cut reused a scene from the middle of the film where Jane tells Ricky to kill her father .
Pool champion Willie Mosconi has a cameo appearance as Willie , who holds the stakes for Eddie and Fats 's games .
The dimensions of the Tetrarch were also changed ; the Mark VIII was longer by 6 inches ( 0 @.@ 15 m ) , wider by 1 foot 3 inches ( 0 @.@ 38 m ) and heavier .
The architecture of Intramuros reflects the Spanish colonial style and the American neoclassical architectural style , since the Philippines was a colony of Spain and the United States before it is granted its independence in 1946 .
The Olmec heartland lies on the Gulf Coast of Mexico within the states of Veracruz and Tabasco , an area measuring approximately 275 kilometres ( 171 mi ) east to west and extending about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) inland from the coast .
The headdress is decorated with a horizontal band formed of four sculpted cords , similar to those of Head 3 .
Gloire 's wooden hull was modelled on that of a steam ship of the line , reduced to one deck , sheathed in iron plates 4 @.@ 5 inches ( 110 mm ) thick .
Iron @-@ built ships used wood as part of their protection scheme .
There was anxiety in Rome about eastern grain supplies and a budget deficit .
These tassels are judged to represent hair rather than cords .
Family [UNK] .
Lesnar appears in the video games WWE SmackDown ! Shut Your Mouth , WWE SmackDown ! Here Comes the Pain , Madden NFL 06 , UFC 2009 Undisputed , UFC Undisputed 2010 , WWE ' 12 , WWE ' 13 , WWE 2K14 , WWE 2K15 , WWE 2K16 , and WWE 2K17 .
Force H , under the command of Vice @-@ Admiral James Somerville was based in Gibraltar and had the task of maintaining naval superiority and providing a strong escort for convoys to and from the besieged island of Malta .
[UNK] and [UNK] became independently aquatic and also returned to this type of feeding .
The North Koreans withdrew from the Masan area first , the night of September 18 – 19 .
Bradley Kent Stevens grew up in [UNK] , Indiana , where he developed his love for basketball .
The US 2nd Infantry Division now had to base its defense of Yongsan on relatively poor defensive terrain , the low hills at the western edge of the town .
Gore also promoted anti @-@ French sentiment with political writings in Massachusetts newspapers .
Out of the windup , Kershaw lowers his right foot vertically with a slight pause before moving it forward toward the plate .
Then , when the artillery barrage preparation lifted , the North Korean infantry were in position to launch their assaults .
Historically , they are the first filters that could approach the ideal filter frequency response to within any prescribed limit with the addition of a sufficient number of sections .
The stone for the San Lorenzo and La Venta heads was transported a considerable distance from the source .
On promise of marriage and wealth , Mary is romanced and gives birth to a fatherless child .
However , unarmored iron had many military disadvantages , and offered technical problems which kept wooden hulls in use for many years , particularly for long @-@ range cruising warships .
The most superfluous religious sacrifices , games and horse races were abolished , while new income was generated from Domitian 's former possessions , including the auctioning of ships , estates , and even furniture .
Ise was attacked by 80 @-@ odd aircraft from the fourth wave , but they failed to inflict any serious damage .
Because of the limited endurance of steamships , this was no longer possible , so the British at times considered the risk @-@ laden plan of engaging an enemy fleet in harbor as soon as war broke out .
He ordered the Fourth Carrier Division to reverse course and engage the Americans , but the battleships were unable to find them , and Ozawa ordered them to reverse course and head for Amami Ōshima .
There the North Koreans assaulted in force , signaled by green flares and blowing of whistles .
In May 1997 , the Senate transferred to a new building it shares with the Government Service Insurance System at reclaimed land at Pasay .
There are also buses that serve the town area .
Also on the island , heavy rainfall caused landslides and flooded houses .
Before the North American rental release on May 9 , Blockbuster Video wanted to purchase hundreds of thousands of extra copies for its " guaranteed title " range , whereby anyone who wanted to rent the film would be guaranteed a copy .
They inflicted no damage and caused the Americans to search in the direction from which they had attacked .
Over time , Nero became progressively more powerful , freeing himself of his advisers and eliminating rivals to the throne .
It was also certified gold and platinum by the Mexican Association of Producers of Phonograms and Videograms for 90 @,@ 000 copies shipped .
It immediately intersects with Stone Road ( CR 19 ) before leaving the hamlet .
Hitler states that he was not the originator of evil .
This was followed by a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre .
Writing in Variety , Todd McCarthy said the cast ensemble " could not be better " ; he praised Spacey 's " handling of innuendo , subtle sarcasm , and blunt talk " and the way he imbued Lester with " genuine feeling " .
The single bowed at number 13 on the Australian Singles Chart on 27 January 2013 , marking its peak position and the group 's fourth top twenty hit in Australia .
When asked if he would ever leave Butler , Stevens replied " I guess if they kicked me out . " .
An early scene showing the Burnhams leaving home for work was inserted later on to show the low point that Carolyn and Lester 's relationship had reached .
The theme is also internal to Eliot 's own poems ; the image of the rose garden at the end Little Gidding is the image that begins Burnt Norton and the journey is made circular .
Du Fu was born in 712 ; the exact birthplace is unknown , except that it was near Luoyang , Henan province ( Gong county is a favourite candidate ) .
The Ars is one of only two surviving 8th @-@ century Latin grammars from England , and was based on the works of [UNK] and [UNK] .
He and other similarly @-@ situated Federalists formed the Massachusetts Society for Promoting Agriculture , of which he served as a trustee for several years ; the organization was not seen as significantly contributing to advances in agriculture .
Realising that this bias may be apparent to others , Tacitus protests that his writing is true .
George Steiner , literary critic for The New Yorker and The New York Times , had written about the Holocaust in some of his previous books , including Anno Domini ( 1964 ) , Language and Silence ( 1967 ) and In Bluebeard 's Castle ( 1971 ) .
The garage windows were designed specifically to obtain the crucial shot toward the end of the film in which Col. Fitts — watching from Ricky 's bedroom — mistakenly assumes that Lester is paying Ricky for sex .
He was a major investor in the Middlesex Canal , the Craigie Bridge ( the first to connect Boston to Cambridge ) , and the Boston Manufacturing Company , whose factory proving the single @-@ site production of textiles was in Waltham near his estate .
The cross is normally a freestanding four @-@ point limestone Latin cross , mounted on an octagonal base , and ranging in height from 14 to 32 feet .
The name ' Tetrarch ' was given to the Mk VII , on 22 September 1941 , on the orders of the War Office .
In 1861 , the Sultanate of Brunei ceded the Bintulu region to Brooke .
Submission of the Night ( 1 time ) .
From there at daylight the men could see North Korean soldiers on many of the ridges surrounding them , most of them moving east .
Unusually , the storm hit Florida less than 24 hours before another major hurricane bearing 125 @-@ mile @-@ per @-@ hour ( 201 km / h ) winds struck South Texas ; never have two major cyclones hit the United States in such close succession .
The prototype of the Light Tank Mk VII ( A17 ) , nicknamed ' [UNK] ' , was first developed in 1937 by Vickers @-@ Armstrongs as a private venture , and was intended to be sold either to the British Army or to foreign militaries .
Roses are included in almost every shot inside the Burnhams ' home , where they signify " a mask covering a bleak , unbeautiful reality " .
A strong North Korean force surprised and delivered heavy automatic fire on it at 03 : 30 from positions astride the road east of the pass .
Those two and a further three built by AG Weser comprised the virtually identical U @-@ 10 class for the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy .
Fed by intelligence from the Soviet Union the North Koreans were aware the UN forces were building up along the Pusan Perimeter and that it must conduct an offensive soon or it could not win the battle .
At 1200 UTC on July 20 , the JMA estimated peak 10 minute sustained winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) , and the same time , the JTWC estimated 1 minute sustained winds of 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) , making it a super typhoon .
He picked up his first career postseason victory in that game .
In its original broadcast , the episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics , with many praising the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week .
The [UNK] family [UNK] is thought to be most closely related to Lissamphibia .
However , Ekman was forced to leave the studio after four weeks due to his young son 's diagnosis of a brainstem glioma .
After 1805 , the exploits of 40 @,@ 000 French , Russian , and Austrian soldiers excited the European imagination .
IGN recommended the game upon its 3DS rerelease both in general and for Breakout fans .
The guns of the pre @-@ Dreadnought battleships of the 1890s tended to be smaller in calibre compared to the ships of the 1880s , most often 12 in ( 305 mm ) , but progressively grew in length of barrel , making use of improved propellants to gain greater muzzle velocity .
Since the previous afternoon , North Korean mortar barrages had alternated with infantry assaults against the perimeter .
At 0000 UTC on January 17 , the JTWC upgraded the system to tropical storm intensity , though the storm remained nameless as the JMA continued to classify it as a tropical depression .
Professor Vincent Hausmann charges that in their reinforcement of masculinity " against threats posed by war , by consumerism , and by feminist and queer challenges " , these films present a need to " focus on , and even to privilege " aspects of maleness " deemed ' deviant ' " .
Citizen science site Cyclone Center uses a modified version of the Dvorak technique to categorize post @-@ 1970 tropical weather .
Depending on the classification of modern amphibians , they are either included in the crown group [UNK] or the stem of [UNK] .
Early in its duration , it moved generally to the west or west @-@ southwest .
Hed PE released their third studio album , Blackout , on March 18 , 2003 .
Josephus .
He added , " unlike some of his fellow Latin pop stars , Mr. Arjona is no saccharine lover boy " .
In total , 281 diplomats and civilians from 30 countries were evacuated , including 12 heads of missions ( eight ambassadors and four [UNK] d 'affaires ) .
The French used three of their ironclad batteries ( Lave , [UNK] and [UNK] ) in 1855 against the defenses at the Battle of Kinburn on the Black Sea , where they were effective against Russian shore defences .
Out of the stretch , he uses a slide step as it makes it difficult for the base runner at first base to get a read on him .
The end of the poem describes how Eliot has attempted to help the world as a poet .
He also led Arthur Hill in football , and his high school accomplishments are featured in Glory : The history of Saginaw County sports by Jack Tany ( ASIN [UNK] ) , which is a book on high school sports in Saginaw County , Michigan .
Nerva also sought to involve the Senate in his government , but this was not entirely successful .
As the route continues southward through the southern part of Akron , it serves mostly residential areas , save for an industrial complex at NY 93 's intersection with CR 163 ( Clarence Center Road ) and CR 167 ( Parkview Drive ) .
He was selected to play on the East Team in the Midwest League All @-@ Star Game and on the USA team in the All @-@ Star Futures Game .
It was thought to be the most closely related temnospondyl to lissamphibians and was placed as the sister taxon of the group in a phylogenetic analysis .
The attack , during which 1 @,@ 297 French sailors died , led to high tensions , which were evident when families were forced at bayonet point by French troops to board taking only what they could carry , leaving many possessions behind .
SM UB @-@ 14 ( as U @-@ 26 ) .
Manila ( / [UNK] / ) is the capital city of the Philippines , founded on June 24 , 1571 by Spanish conquistador Miguel López de Legazpi .
Major Miljenko Filipović , likewise a former French Foreign Legion member , was assigned the battalions deputy commander .
He received an MRI , which revealed that there was a mild herniated disc in the back , and received an epidural injection to treat the pain .
" The Snowmen " aired on BBC One on 25 December 2012 at 5 : 15 pm , the same day on BBC America in the US and Space in Canada and the next day on ABC1 in Australia and on Prime in New Zealand .
The Austrians were arrayed in a line and unable to form their defensive squares quickly enough to protect themselves from the 4 @,@ 000 dragoons and 8 @,@ 000 grenadiers .
He became a monk at the monastery at Breedon @-@ on @-@ the @-@ Hill in the present @-@ day County of Leicestershire , and then abbot of that house .
Winds in Busan near the landfall location reached 154 km / h ( 96 mph ) , the second @-@ highest on record .
Wind gusts on Iwo Jima peaked at 109 km / h ( 68 mph ) .
However , the youth died suddenly and suspiciously on 12 February 55 , the very day before his proclamation as an adult had been set .
Mortier and Gazan waited for Dupont 's arrival while Kutuzov and [UNK] waited for [UNK] 's and [UNK] 's .
The motion was described during the 2015 National League Division Series as a " [UNK] move " drawing comparison with one setting a [UNK] on a bicycle .
A number of Tetrarchs were sent to Tank Training Schools which were subsequently sent into battle , and in September 1943 two were assigned to the 132nd Separated Tank Battalion , which was attached to the 5th Guards Tank Brigade ; both tanks were destroyed in combat , one on 30 September and the other on 2 October , the latter a casualty of artillery fire .
On 9 November Gazan 's division reached Marbach an der Donau and covered the 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) to Dürenstein by early on the following afternoon .
They are commemorated by name through the Civilian War Dead Roll of Honour located in St George 's Chapel in Westminster Abbey .
At 21 years old , he started the opener of the 2009 NLCS against the Philadelphia Phillies and was the third youngest pitcher to ever start a playoff series opener , behind only Fernando Valenzuela in the 1981 NLDS and Rick Ankiel in the 2000 NLDS .
Donald is able to solve the " Riddle of the Sphinx " using the note Goofy had given him , and obtains the Scepter of Ra before escaping in a mine cart .
He was the sixth Dodger pitcher , and the first since Fernando Valenzuela to make the All @-@ Star team four years in a row .
Eighteen of these were mounted in casemates in the forecastle and superstructure and the remaining pair were mounted on the deck above them and protected by gun shields .
The October 1 , 2012 cover of Mad Magazine satirized the problems with the September release of Apple Inc .
The Metamorfosis World Tour was announced in December 2011 , and visited the Americas .
Precipitation there peaked at 653 mm ( 25 @.@ 71 in ) over a period of nearly two days in Taitung County .
When one of the horsemen entered , upon his seeing Nero all but dead he attempted to stop the bleeding in vain .
Kershaw was 6 @-@ 0 with an 0 @.@ 82 ERA in June and was awarded with his third career Pitcher of the Month award .
Although this was a minor post , in normal times it would have been at least the start of an official career .
In a memorandum , dated January 1943 , by Major General George F. Hopkinson , commander of the 1st Airborne Division , Hopkinson complained that he had been informed that 70 of the tanks were available , whereas only 50 actually remained , with no reserves to replace those lost in combat .
On 29 May 2000 , the Bintulu Development Authority ( BDA ) public library was built near the Bintulu Civic Centre , which is 2 km ( 1 @.@ 2 mi ) from the town .
Both ships carried supplies for the survivors of the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923 .
On March 26 , 2011 , the Bulldogs beat Florida 74 – 71 in overtime to earn back @-@ to @-@ back trips to the Final Four .
The sisters were struck off the Navy List in November and their wrecks were scrapped after the war .
The Royal Navy decided to switch to the double @-@ expansion engine in 1871 , and by 1875 they were widespread .
He was called up to the Under @-@ 21 squad in 2011 for their friendly match against Iceland , but he was an unused substitute .
It was also expanded to include new matches and interviews .
The largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea and at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain ; each time , Chad 's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes .
Since first taking up painting around 1990 , her works of contemporary Indigenous Australian art have been acquired by several major collections including Artbank and the National Gallery of Victoria .
In 55 , Nero began taking on a more active role as an administrator .
While some found his images horrifying and unnerving , they wrote about him all the same , sealing his reputation as the enfant terrible of post @-@ war British art .
Bacon 's approach differs to Velázquez 's in a number of ways : both artists were expressive , yet Bacon 's broad brush @-@ strokes and freedom with paint contrast with Velázquez 's tight and controlled treatment .
The Shell Oil Company established the [UNK] International School in 1982 to meet the primary education needs of Shell employees ' children .
This is not the case in [UNK] , meaning that as their bodies grew larger they became less adapted toward a terrestrial lifestyle .
According to Dion Cassius , [UNK] bore an uncanny resemblance to Sabina , and Nero even called him by his dead wife 's name .
In 1986 Operation California , in conjunction with Medical Aid to El Salvador , sent " [ t ] wo cargo planes carrying $ 500 @,@ 000 worth of relief supplies to earthquake @-@ stricken El Salvador " .
On the east coast , three more North Korean divisions were repulsed by the South Koreans at P 'ohang @-@ dong during the Battle of P 'ohang @-@ dong .
Following the accession of Nerva as emperor , the Senate passed damnatio memoriae on Domitian : his coins and statues were melted , his arches were torn down and his name was erased from all public records .
A US plane attempted the drop , but the perimeter was so small and the slopes so steep that virtually all the supplies went into North Korean hands .
Fruit usually have two or three seeds , although fewer or more are present in some species , and are usually brown , yellow , orange @-@ brown or purple when mature .
However , in the portion he used in the opening — and when the full scene plays out later — Mendes used the score and a reaction shot of Ricky to leave a lingering ambiguity as to his guilt .
But getting the old man out of the jungle alive is more difficult than getting in , and their progress is further hampered by heavy thunderstorms .
A pair of rotating gunpowder @-@ propelled catapults were fitted on the sides of the hull , forward of the aft superstructure where they partially restricted the arc of fire of the two amidships turrets .
The scene had been filmed as an extra due to the anticipation that fans would ask how Strax was resurrected and came to be in Vastra 's employ .
Plazas was assisted by the Spanish naval commander of Puente Mayorga , Manuel Romero Hume , who allowed him to beach a rowboat there .
Bintulu 's relative humidity is 85 % .
In a review of the production for The Daily Telegraph , theatre critic Charles Spencer noted , " Robert Boulter brings a touching vulnerability to the stage as William . " .
He also posted an ERA of 2 @.@ 79 and 185 strikeouts .
Heavy rainfall in Taiwan reached 628 mm ( 24 @.@ 7 in ) in Pingtung County , and winds peaked at 176 km / h ( 109 mph ) on Orchid Island before the anemometer was destroyed .
It was made up of 21 elected local community members ( five British officers and 16 Malay and Melanau local chiefs ) .
Popular tourist destinations in Intramuros include the Baluarte de San Diego , Club Intramuros Golf Course , Cuartel de Santa Lucia , Fort Santiago , Manila Cathedral , Palacio [UNK] , Palacio de Santa [UNK] , Palacio del [UNK] , Plaza Mexico , Plaza de Roma , San Agustin Church and the [UNK] de Manila .
While ironclads spread rapidly in navies worldwide , there were few pitched naval battles involving ironclads .
Despite all this , the Irish Times reported that " the infrastructure of revolutionary control in the area has not been developed beyond the maintenance of patrols . " Following some acts of destruction and of violence late in the week , members of the [UNK] including Ivan Cooper addressed residents on Friday , 10 January and called on them to dismantle the barricades .
Cambridge University Press. pp. 393 – 394 .
In particular , Pound 's studies of Romantic literature had led him to an admiration of the condensed , direct expression that he detected in the writings of Arnaut Daniel , Dante , and Guido Cavalcanti , amongst others .
Soon , mortars emplaced on a neighboring high finger ridge eastward registered on Schmitt 's perimeter and continued firing until dark .
The first ironclads were built on wooden or iron hulls , and protected by wrought iron armor backed by thick wooden planking .
The portion of NY 93 between NY 78 and Akron Road became state @-@ maintained on October 1 , 1998 , as part of another swap that also transferred ownership and maintenance of Akron Road to Niagara County .
Later , increasing wind shear caused the eye to deteriorate , and [UNK] began slowing about 260 km ( 160 mi ) east @-@ southeast of Hong Kong after reaching the western edge of the subtropical ridge .
The replica was laid down in February 2005 and completed just two months later .
Schmitt , who had retired from the military in 1800 , had been recalled into service after the Ulm debacle and had come to Kutuzov highly recommended by the Emperor .
Fourth Column , commanded by Lieutenant General [UNK] , nine battalions of infantry .
Stevens became the first coach to lead a Horizon League team to both an undefeated regular season and conference tournament since the league was formed in 1979 .
The genus [UNK] has pinnately compound leaves — rows of leaflets emerge on either side of the axis of the leaf in a feather @-@ like or fern @-@ like pattern .
The City @-@ class ironclad USS Cairo is currently on display in Vicksburg , Mississippi .
On each side of the face a strap descends from the headdress and passes in front of the ear .
The Pasig River bisects Manila .
Following another takedown by Lesnar , Mir managed to secure a [UNK] and force a submission at 1 : 30 of the first round and Lesnar lost in his UFC debut .
The front of the headdress is decorated with three motifs that apparently represent the claws or fangs of an animal .
They remained on " standby alert " until the actual conversions began .
Later in the month , the monsoon trough spawned a disturbance east of the Philippines that PAGASA classified as Tropical Depression [UNK] on September 15 .
The tanks were successfully landed by glider , but they did not perform well .
The entire mission would be conducted with night vision goggles , which required all lights in the embassy compound to be turned off .
Qualifying by right was posting a high result in their own heat , and qualifying by result was posting a high result in overall standings .
No British aircraft were encountered and much damage was done in the area south of the fortress .
The ships had an air group of 11 each of Yokosuka D4Y dive bombers ( Allied reporting name " Judy " ) and Aichi [UNK] reconnaissance aircraft ( Allied reporting name " Paul " ) Both aircraft had development problems and neither air group ever had all of its intended aircraft .
After two of the class , UB @-@ 1 and UB @-@ 15 , were sold in February 1915 to ally Austria @-@ Hungary ( becoming U @-@ 10 and U @-@ 11 in the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy ) , the German Imperial Navy ordered UB @-@ 16 and UB @-@ 17 from Weser .
The probe carried a radar altimeter , video imaging system , and a mass spectrometer , which will be used to search for water .
Steiner told New York Times editor D. J. R. Bruckner that this book arose out of his lifelong work on language .
Taken together , these two texts comprised the Imagist programme for a return to what they saw as the best poetic practice of the past .
According to Cassius Dio , at this time , Seneca and [UNK] reduced their role in governing from careful management to mere moderation of Nero .
This southern grouping was known as Task Force Bradley .
[UNK] .
Warrior , built of iron , was longer and faster than the wooden @-@ hulled Gloire .
Stevens has often been referred to as a coaching prodigy , but is not interested in self @-@ promotion .
Manila placed third in the Highly [UNK] City ( HUC ) category .
Donald thinks this is his path to riches .
In Martin and St. Lucie counties , the storm was considered among the worst on record .
Another species complex in [UNK] includes A. speciosa and related species .
American Beauty cost DreamWorks $ 15 million to produce , slightly above their projected sum .
[UNK] Watson was the first to suggest skull lifting as a means of feeding in [UNK] .
The six public city @-@ run hospitals are the [UNK] ng [UNK] Medical Center , [UNK] ng [UNK] , Gat Andres Bonifacio Memorial Medical Center , [UNK] ng Tondo , Sta .
American Beauty was not considered an immediate favorite to dominate the American awards season .
Additional material , including skulls , firmly placed Labyrinthodon as an amphibian .
An experienced officer and excellent tactician , he might well have made a more effective Chief of the Quartermaster General Staff of the Coalition Army at the Battle of Austerlitz than his eventual replacement , Franz von Weyrother .
This corps was to secure the north shore of the Danube , block any of the Austrian or Russian groups from reinforcing one another and , more importantly , prevent Kutuzov from crossing the river and escaping to Russia .
For the week it debuted atop both the Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums charts , Independiente also appeared as number 65 on the Billboard 200 .
There , high waves flooded roads and homes , while high winds damaged crops .
Chad was originally part of French West Africa until 1960 , when it declared independence .
" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " features the reappearance of Weevil after an absence of five episodes ; during filming of the third season , Capra was undergoing medical treatment .
Weevil gets bail , but Keith informs him that a student ID printing machine was found in the locker next to Weevil ’ s .
The heads of mission were the ambassadors of the United States , Kenya , Nigeria , Soviet Union , Sudan , Turkey , United Arab Emirates , and United Kingdom and the [UNK] of the embassies of Germany , Kuwait , Oman , and Qatar .
In the rearrangement on the left the thermodynamically unfavorable product is observed exclusively , while in the reaction on the right the product derived from the less stable radical intermediate is favored .
On December 6 , WWE filed a motion for a temporary restraining order to prevent Lesnar from continuing to work with NJPW , but the court did not grant it .
A 70 @-@ metre @-@ long ( 229 ft 8 in ) flight deck was built above the stern and stretched forward to the rebuilt aft superstructure .
The positioning of the stapes and the shape of the otic region suggests that the tympani of [UNK] and frogs are homologous , but the tympani of these amphibians are no longer considered homologous with the hearing systems of reptiles , birds , and mammals .
Before sending Mortier on his mission , Napoleon instructed him to protect his north flank at all times against possible Russian reinforcements , advice he reiterated in subsequent written orders .
However , he was pleased with the final cut , stating that there was only one punch that he thought looked fake .
The eleventh tropical storm , fifth hurricane , and the third major hurricane of the season , it formed east @-@ northeast of the Leeward Islands on August 31 .
In 2008 , an exploratory excavation discovered mass graves on the edge of Pheasant Wood outside of Fromelles .
The critic Dominic Manganiello suggests that , in combining the image of dancing with purgation , Eliot merges Dante 's and Yeats 's poetic themes .
SM City San Lazaro is the second SM [UNK] in Manila .
Despite his financial problems , this was one of the happiest and most peaceful periods of his life .
Imbudo maintained peak winds for about 12 hours , before undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle .
While the swift transfer of power following Domitian 's death had prevented a civil war from erupting , Nerva 's position as an emperor soon proved too vulnerable , and his benign nature turned into a reluctance to assert his authority .
When the attack finally ceased shortly after 12 : 00 the 23rd Regiment had an estimated combat efficiency of only 38 percent .
While the details of the ship 's fire @-@ control instruments are not fully available , it is known that the ships were fitted with a fire @-@ control director after completion .
The remaining San Lorenzo head is in the Museo [UNK] de San Lorenzo [UNK] near [UNK] .
Hours after Ambassador Bishop 's visit to Central Command , Iraq invaded Kuwait .
In July 1989 , the embassy moved to a new , 80 @-@ acre ( 32 ha ) compound , 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) from the previous embassy and James K. Bishop was appointed as the United States ' ambassador to Somalia .
With Agrippina 's influence over her son severed , she reportedly began pushing for Britannicus , Nero 's stepbrother , to become emperor .
During the night Schmitt established radio communication with the 1st Battalion , 9th infantry .
Defending British interests against Ahmed ' Urabi 's Egyptian revolt , a British fleet opened fire on the fortifications around the port of Alexandria .
In another review in The New York Times John Leonard wrote that while the book has its strong points , " some wit , a catholic disdain , multiplicity of character and a South American swamp @-@ life that terrifies " , its weaknesses are that " the characters are really ideas , ... the symbols clash and there are too many echoes of better books by Kafka and Proust " .
The game was universally lauded for its graphics , with magazines like Sega Pro describing them as " some of the best graphics around . " The game was also praised for its music and puzzles , as well as their clever use in the game .
Consequently , Napoleon drew divisions from four of the other seven corps of the Grande Armée to create a new VIII Corps .
For the week ending 2 June 2012 , Independiente returned again to number one .
Klein 's division included the 1st , 2nd , 4th , and 14th Regiments of Dragoons .
At first appropriate , its tone clashes as the seduction stops .
An album featuring 19 tracks from Newman 's score was released on January 11 , 2000 , and won the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album .
James Brooke was appointed the White Rajah of Sarawak ( now known as Kuching ) by the Bruneian Empire in 1841 .
Therefore , the small river stream was named " [UNK] [UNK] " river .
The species sometimes referred to [UNK] have coiled anthers , while the other groups have straight ones .
Mendes had Spacey and Bening in mind for the leads from the beginning , but DreamWorks executives were unenthusiastic .
All lyrics written by Corey Taylor , all music composed by Stone Sour .
It is possible that this damage was caused by the initial stages of re @-@ carving the monument into a colossal head but that the work was never completed .
During gunnery training on 5 May , there was a premature detonation in the left gun of Hyūga 's Turret No. 5 that disabled both guns and killed 51 crewmen .
The route proceeds eastward through the village as a two @-@ lane road named Lockport Street , serving two blocks of commercial areas before bending to the northeast and passing into the residential eastern portion of Youngstown .
These Melanaus used to live further up the river , but since the construction of the fort , and the installation of an officer of the Rajah near the mouth of the river , they came to settle near the sea – a thing they would never have dared to do in former days for fear of the attacks of the [UNK] pirates and Dayak pirates .
It was installed in 2013 to celebrate the first anniversary of the CUNY Institute of Mexican Studies , housed at the college .
Beginning on 27 January 2012 in Toluca , Mexico , Arjona embarked on a world tour to promote the album .
The 9th Division had numbered 9 @,@ 350 men at the beginning of the offensive on September 1 .
The head is also depicted wearing a nose @-@ ring .
In @-@ service use revealed another problem : with a single propeller shaft / engine combination , if either component failed , the U @-@ boat was almost totally disabled .
The work is sometimes referred to as A Parochial New Yorker 's View of the World or A New Yorker 's View of the World because it depicts a map of the world as seen by self @-@ absorbed New Yorkers .
Stevens again called time out and re @-@ focused the team .
Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at the premier annual event .
A Russian army under Gen. Mikhail Kutuzov also maneuvered away from the French , withdrawing to the east .
To prepare , Mendes provided Bentley with a video camera , telling the actor to film what Ricky would .
Mexico donated a resin replica of an Olmec colossal head to Belgium ; it is on display in the Musée du Cinquantenaire in Brussels .
In the United States , Independiente was certified Latin platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for 100 @,@ 000 copies shipped .
" Nickel Size Hail ( And the Damaging Winds ) " by Sunny [UNK] .
Nero was reportedly unsatisfied with his marriage to Octavia and entered into an affair with Claudia [UNK] , a former slave .
But Leonard 's biggest criticism of the book was Hitler 's speech , which he called " obscene " , and Steiner 's decision to end the book at that point , which Leonard said " not only denies the power of art to arrange and transcend , but ... makes me sick to my stomach . " .
The airfield had previously been managed under the auspices of Aerospace Operational Support Group , but a command @-@ and @-@ control review commissioned by the Chief of Air Force recommended that , in common with other RAAF airfields , it should be administered by CSG .
Additionally , it is the final main track on the US edition of Now That 's What I Call Music ! 46 .
Shortly thereafter , he announced the adoption of Trajan as his successor , and with this decision all but abdicated .
The turn brings NY 93 across Tonawanda Creek and into the Erie County town of Newstead , where it becomes known as Maple Road and immediately intersects with CR 260 ( [UNK] Road ) .
Their offices are located at the Manila City Hall .
Key .
[UNK] ' vertebrae are divided into several segments .
If the breech — which experiences some of the greatest forces in the gun — is not entirely secure , then there is a risk that either gas will discharge through the breech or that the breech will break .
Sherdog Awards .
Like many other poems in the Tang it featured the theme of a long parting between friends , which was often due to officials being frequently transferred to the provinces : .
These qualities were displayed in the two surviving manuscripts of his riddles and four of his Ars [UNK] .
On 4 August , he started his journey on a gunboat named " [UNK] " , which was to send $ 6 @,@ 000 to Brunei for concessions being made to James Brooke in the Mukah and Bintulu regions .
He also pitched for USA Baseball 's Junior National Team in the Pan Am Championship .
Each of the colleges and universities found here are at a short walking distance of each other .
The final wave departed the embassy at 1 : 49 and landed on Guam at 2 : 23 ; twenty minutes later , Ambassador Bishop declared the evacuation complete .
Kuan Yin Tong temple is located at [UNK] Jalan Sultan Iskandar .
It was replaced by a platform on Turret No. 5 for a Yokosuka E1Y reconnaissance floatplane in 1928 – 29 .
He recalled stories about his colleagues , his training , and his feelings about the task .
On April 4 , 2007 , he became the head coach after Todd [UNK] left to coach the Iowa Hawkeyes .
Gore invested his fortune in a variety of businesses , including important infrastructure projects such as the Middlesex Canal and a bridge across the Charles River .
Taylor said there is a common thread with the lyrics throughout the album , saying that they are " a lot more from the spirit of what the band started with in 1992 . "5 .
All songs written and composed by Ricardo Arjona , except where noted .
The most basal group of [UNK] is the superfamily [UNK] .
Planning for the development for being the center of government started during the early years of American colonization to the country when they envisioned a well @-@ designed city outside the walls of Intramuros .
Initially Gazan made rapid progress , but he quickly recognized that the opposing force was much stronger than the typical rear guard of a retreating army .
Likewise , Edward Gibbon 's assertion that Nerva hereby established a tradition of succession through adoption among the Five Good Emperors has found little support among modern historians .
The face is that of a mature male with sagging cheeks and wrinkles between these and the nose .
" [ Stalin ] had perfected genocide when I was still a nameless [UNK] in Munich . " Further , Hitler asserts that the number of lives lost due to his actions are dwarfed by various world atrocities , including those in Russia , China and Africa .
As with the TSR , the group primarily based their forecast numbers on the prevailing status of the El Niño @-@ Southern Oscillation .
The peace between Parthia and Rome lasted 50 years until Emperor Trajan of Rome invaded Armenia in 114 .
Groups of men wearing armbands patrolled the streets in shifts .
On 1 January , 98 , at the start of his fourth consulship , Nerva suffered a stroke during a private audience .
He also identified three zones of defense , stating a preference to retreat to the third zone before the use of deadly force : .
The situation was further aggravated by the absence of a clear successor , made more pressing because of Nerva 's old age and sickness .
While the storm was near peak intensity on September 3 , the Weather Bureau issued hurricane warnings from Miami to Melbourne , Florida , with storm warnings extending northward to Jacksonville .
After the storm , the National Guard offered shelters for at least 400 homeless residents in Stuart .
They reproduced through internal fertilization rather than mating in water .
He served on the college 's Board of Overseers from 1810 to 1815 and as a Fellow from 1816 to 1820 .
He realized that his position was no longer tenable without the support of an heir who had the approval of both the army and the people .
By early 1917 a number of members of the committee believed a formal imperial organisation would be needed to care for the graves .
A ' peace corps ' was formed to maintain law and order .
Veils or curtains appear in Bacon 's earliest works , notably the 1949 Study from the Human Body , always in portraits and always in front of , rather than behind , the figure .
In these stories , the Great Intelligence uses robot Yeti as its physical presence .
He envisioned that Mastodonsaurus , a much larger temnospondyl than [UNK] , was able to make the same movement .
Due to the lack of written sources on this period , much of Nerva 's life has remained obscure .
According to Booth , the film 's true controller is the creative energy " that hundreds of people put into its production , agreeing and disagreeing , inserting and cutting " .
It is likely that they were portraits of living ( or recently deceased ) rulers well known to the sculptors .
NCAA Division I All @-@ American ( 1999 , 2000 ) .
The design of the Fusō @-@ class battleships was shaped both by the ongoing international naval arms race and a desire among Japanese naval planners to maintain a fleet of capital ships powerful enough to defeat the United States Navy in an encounter in Japanese territorial waters .
Plans to transport a tank went through a number of revisions , but , by May 1941 , the feasibility of a 5 @.@ 5 metric tons ( 5 @.@ 4 long tons ) tank to be carried for 350 miles ( 560 km ) in a glider was accepted , although the aircraft would have to be specifically designed for the task .
Multiple suplex variations .
During the Late Permian , increasing aridity and the diversification of reptiles contributed into a decline in terrestrial [UNK] , but semiaquatic and fully aquatic [UNK] continued to flourish , including the large [UNK] of Eastern Europe .
This included typhoons Krovanh and Dujuan , which also struck southeastern China .
The Commission is also responsible for commemorating Commonwealth civilians who died as a result of enemy action during World War II .
One critic , while acknowledging that Steiner always saw Hitler as " the incarnation of unprecedented and unparalleled evil " , felt that there was no clear distinction in the book between Steiner 's own views and those of his fictional Hitler , even going so far as to accuse Steiner , who rejects Jewish nationalism and is a critic of Israel 's treatment of the Palestinians , of anti @-@ Semitism .
They had few weapons ( about twenty ) which they used mainly for sniping .
All of these [UNK] were adapted to a terrestrial lifestyle .
The win made Stevens , at age 33 , the youngest coach to lead a team to the Final Four since Bob Knight made his first Final Four appearance at age 32 in 1973 .
Other tutors were less often mentioned , such as Alexander of [UNK] .
[UNK] with unsubstituted or acylated nitrogens are capable of nitrogen atom transfer , although this reactivity has received considerably less attention .
The scalp piece is formed from six strips running towards the back of the head .
The events of August 1969 in Derry , and more particularly in Belfast where the IRA was unable to prevent loss of life or protect families burned out of their homes , brought to a head the divisions that had already appeared within the movement between the radicals and the traditionalists , and led to a split in December 1969 into the Official IRA and the Provisional IRA .
[UNK] like [UNK] are known from both large adult specimens and small larvae , showing an extreme change in body shape .
The [UNK] worked mainly in free verse .
The Light Tank Mk VII ( A17 ) , also known as the Tetrarch , was a British light tank produced by Vickers @-@ Armstrongs in the late 1930s and deployed during the World War II .
David Letterman had Stevens on his show for a guest appearance .
He is one of the [UNK] of The Open Letter Concerning Religion and Science From American Rabbis , part of the Clergy Letter Project which " encourages and embraces the teaching of evolution in schools " .
Manila 's land has been altered substantially by human intervention , with considerable land reclamation along the waterfronts since the American colonial times .
Tiridates was forced to come to Rome and partake in ceremonies meant to display Roman dominance .
Albin [UNK] — writing , background vocals .
AFI 's 10 Top 10 - # 6 Sports Film .
[UNK] , a close relative of [UNK] , also has a [UNK] skeleton that muscles may have attached to .
Aldington , by now a successful novelist , took up the suggestion and enlisted the help of Ford and H.D. The result was the Imagist Anthology 1930 , edited by Aldington and including all the contributors to the four earlier anthologies with the exception of Lowell , who had died , Cannell , who had disappeared , and Pound , who declined .
By the next day , the system weakened to tropical depression status , and dissipated shortly after moving ashore over Beihai , China .
In its initial stages , the depression tracked slowly northeastwards .
Ultimately , ten heads of missions — eight ambassadors and two [UNK] d 'affaires — along with their staff sought refuge in the US embassy compound and were evacuated .
The British Admiralty had been considering armored warships since 1856 and prepared a draft design for an armored corvette in 1857 ; in early 1859 the Royal Navy started building two iron @-@ hulled armored frigates , and by 1861 had made the decision to move to an all @-@ armored battle fleet .
All four heads from La Venta are now in Villahermosa , the state capital of Tabasco .
Of the 80 athletes who participated in the events , the Chadian sprinter ranked 70th .
He eliminated Matt Hardy and The World 's Greatest Tag Team , which was composed of Charlie Haas and his former OVW teammate , Shelton Benjamin , who were mentored by Angle .
The structure and organization of the tropical cyclone are tracked over 24 hours to determine if the storm has weakened , maintained its intensity , or strengthened .
" It 's hard not to be [ in love with basketball ] when you 're a kid growing up in Indiana " , Stevens later said .
He was selected to the National League squad at the 2014 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his fourth straight selection .
His epigraph at Canterbury stated that when he died he was in old age , so perhaps he was born around 670 .
Its name was taken from a sign painted on a gable wall in the [UNK] in January 1969 which read , " You are now entering Free Derry " .
Afterward , Bert tells Eddie that he has talent as a pool player but no character .
The same monsoon trough later spawned Typhoon Parma to the east .
The [UNK] suborders [UNK] and [UNK] , both of which contain [UNK] , were distinct from [UNK] .
[UNK] of nucleophiles with N @-@ unsubstituted [UNK] is quite versatile in the breadth of possible nucleophiles and corresponding products .
Stevens earned his third straight regular @-@ season conference championship .
While offshore the Philippines , Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that caused flooding and left thousands homeless .
Angle chose Chris Benoit and The APA to join his team .
The Hustler is a 1961 American drama film directed by Robert Rossen from Walter Tevis 's 1959 novel of the same name , adapted for the screen by Rossen and Sidney Carroll .
Retrospective reviewers found the game enjoyable and praised the craft behind the gameplay and Kirby themes .
Later , Fuzhou Chinese from Sibu moved in , dominating the timber and plantation businesses in Bintulu .
At the 1962 BAFTA Awards , The Hustler tied with the Soviet film Ballad of a Soldier for Best Film from Any Source .
It is now known as SMK Bintulu , the oldest secondary school in the town .
Being a left @-@ handed strikeout pitcher and playing for the Los Angeles Dodgers , Kershaw has often been compared to Hall of Fame pitcher Sandy Koufax .
While Nero had retained some control of the situation , support for Galba increased despite his being officially declared a public enemy .
He would return at UFC 116 to defeat Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion Shane Carwin and unify the heavyweight championships , becoming the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion .
Independiente has been compared to his earlier recordings , Historias ( 1994 ) and Animal Nocturno ( 1993 ) .
However , atmospheric conditions began to deteriorate as Koni made landfall on Hainan on July 21 , weakening the system .
Accusations of treason being plotted against Nero and the Senate first appeared in 62 .
Mendes later met with Spielberg ; impressed by Mendes ' productions of Oliver ! and Cabaret , Spielberg encouraged him to consider American Beauty .
At Ulm on 16 October Karl Mack surrendered his encircled army of 20 @,@ 000 infantry and 3 @,@ 273 cavalry .
Later in the month it commenced anti @-@ submarine patrols and , in January 1942 , bombing raids against Japanese bases .
Future Nobel Prize winner William Butler Yeats was devoting much of his energy to the Abbey Theatre and writing for the stage , producing relatively little lyric poetry during this period .
Ball based Lester 's story on aspects of his own life .
These methods require specific functionality in order to achieve selectivity .
Coach Bill Fenlon later described Stevens as " one of the most selfless , team @-@ oriented person [ sic ] I 've ever been around . " .
The front @-@ line battalions of the US 9th and 23rd Regiments were in various states of disorganization and some companies had virtually disappeared .
The temnospondyl [UNK] also has extensive plating on its back .
The number of leaves per individual varies from about three to thirty @-@ five ; larger plants tend to have more and longer leaves .
Logan ( Jason Dohring ) beats up Piz , thinking that he posted it .
The band was formed by vocalist Jared Gomes , formerly of The Clue , also known as " [UNK] " ( MC Underdog ) , and guitarist Wes Geer , who became friends amidst the Orange County hardcore punk scene .
There is also an 18 @-@ hole golf course at Bintulu .
When it got dark the survivors would split into small groups and try to get back to friendly lines .
The park was gazetted in 1976 , covering an area of 8 @,@ 996 ha ( 22 @,@ 230 acres ) ( 89 @.@ 96 km2 ( 35 sq mi ) with sandy beaches , rocky headlands , jungle streams , and forests .
Husbands @-@ Hankin began his involvement at Temple Beth Israel first as a congregant , then as cantor , and then as an assistant rabbi .
The illustrated booklet was intended to soften the impact of Kenyon 's report as it included illustrations of cemeteries with mature trees and shrubs ; contrasting the bleak landscapes depicted in published battlefield photos .
The group was also accurate in their forecasts for the entirety of the Northwest Pacific , though their specialized forecasts for the South China Sea were substantially off .
There are many Buddhist and Taoist temples serving the Chinese Filipino community .
Most [UNK] probably reproduced through external fertilization .
In September 2008 , Empire named American Beauty the 96th " Greatest Movie of All Time " after a poll of 10 @,@ 000 readers , 150 filmmakers , and 50 film critics , the fourth @-@ highest ranked movie from 1999 ( behind Fight Club , The Matrix , and Magnolia ) .
For sharper turns , the system returned to the conventional method of braking one track to turn the tank ; the dual system of turning was designed to lessen mechanical strain on the [UNK] and reduce its power wastage .
Stevens made a number of halftime adjustments , and the Bulldogs came out firing on all cylinders in the second half .
Subsequently , the storm weakened and moved into the Taiwan Strait before making its final landfall near Quanzhou , China the next day .
The city also contains the Manila Science High School , the pilot science high school of the Philippines ; the National Museum , where the [UNK] of Juan Luna is housed ; the Metropolitan Museum of Manila , a museum of modern and contemporary visual arts ; the Museo [UNK] , the Children 's Museum , a place of hands @-@ on discovery and fun learning ; and , the National Library , the repository of the country 's printed and recorded cultural heritage and other literary and information resources .
Several L @-@ shape half @-@ sections may be cascaded to form a composite filter .
The adoption of iron armor meant that the traditional naval armament of dozens of light cannon became useless , since their shot would bounce off an armored hull .
Before the start of the Pacific War , both ships frequently exercised off the coasts of the Soviet Union , Korea and China in addition to training in Japanese waters .
In his next start , on June 26 , Kershaw pitched another complete game ( against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim ) .
Stevens planned to live in a friend 's basement and took a job at Applebee ’ s to pay the bills .
First Column , commanded by General of Brigade Prince Pyotr Ivanovich Bagration , included three battalions of infantry , three grenadier battalions , and three Jäger battalions , ten squadrons of Hussars .
During the North Koreans ' September 1 offensive , the US 25th Infantry Division 's US 35th Infantry Regiment was heavily engaged in the Battle of Nam River north of Masan .
That day , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) classified the system as a tropical depression about 380 km ( 235 mi ) to the southeast of Hagåtña , Guam .
Following this , the band set out to record 18 tracks and work began on recording Joel Ekman 's drum tracks .
He was consul four times between 55 and 60 .
In early June 1940 , about 13 @,@ 500 evacuees were shipped to Casablanca in French Morocco .
Like the other poems making up the Four Quartets , Little Gidding deals with the past , present , and future , and humanity 's place within them as each generation is seemingly united .
It awarded $ 110 @,@ 000 to British claimants and over $ 6 million to American claimants .
Total : fifty @-@ eight battalions , sixty @-@ two squadrons , fourteen artillery batteries , approximately 24 @,@ 000 men and 168 guns .
Hed PE signed with Jive Records , releasing their self @-@ titled debut album in 1997 .
Concern for them in Gibraltar mounted as the air raids against London intensified , coupled with the arrival of harrowing letters , describing the circumstances in which the evacuees were living .
He described the location of his reserve forces and his plans for using them .
The 9th Infantry reserve , E Company , reinforced with one section of light machine guns from H Company , was to be the attack force .
It is the eighth Christmas special since the show 's 2005 revival and the first to be within a series .
Eventually , the British withdrew from Manila as per agreements in the 1763 Treaty of Paris .
Early in 97 , a conspiracy led by the senator Gaius Calpurnius Piso Crassus [UNK] [UNK] failed , but once again Nerva refused to put the conspirators to death , much to the disapproval of the Senate .
The British Army post at Bligh 's Lane came under sustained attack , and troops there and around the city came under fire from the IRA .
Additional testing of the Tetrarchs was conducted by the Soviet military and the design was admired for its controllability , manoeuvrability , and speed , as well its ability to run on low @-@ quality fuel , unlike contemporary Soviet designs .
Derry City lies near the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland .
From the summer of 1796 until his retirement in 1800 he had been Chief of the Quartermaster General Staff of the Army , the Lower Rhine , the Rhine and the Army of Germany .
Thus , it became clear that safe passage to the airport would not be possible .
Eddie and Fats compliment each other as players , and Eddie walks out .
Jim Callaghan held talks with the cabinet in Belfast on 10 October , following which the report 's recommendations were accepted and made public .
Butler ended the regular season with a 27 – 3 record , taking first place in the Horizon League with a 16 – 2 in conference mark .
More recent conflicts have sometimes made it impossible for the Commission to care for cemeteries in a given region or resulted in the destruction of sites altogether .
The glass enclosure of his 1949 Chicago Study for a Portrait is often seen as prophesying photographs of Adolf Eichmann 1961 trial before a Jerusalem District Court , when he was held within a similar cage .
In March 2014 , the remains of 20 Commonwealth and 30 German soldiers were discovered in [UNK] @-@ le @-@ [UNK] , France with the Commonwealth soldiers being subsequently reburied at Loos British Cemetery .
Carolyn puts the gun in her handbag , shouting , " I refuse to be a victim ! " Lester finds a distraught Angela sitting alone in the dark ; she asks him to tell her she is beautiful .
The school provides English National Curriculum ( ENC ) for literacy and numeracy and International Primary Curriculum ( IPC ) for other subjects .
Eddie returns to challenge Fats again , putting up his entire $ 3 @,@ 000 stake on a single game .
Discovering a comic book telling of the scandal , he was struck by how quickly it had become commercialized .
In Venezuela , the album was certified double platinum for more than 40 @,@ 000 copies sold .
This change was pushed forward by the development of heavier naval guns ( the ironclads of the 1880s carried some of the heaviest guns ever mounted at sea ) , more sophisticated steam engines , and advances in metallurgy which made steel shipbuilding possible .
Likewise , the generous [UNK] bestowed upon the soldiers following his accession was expected to swiftly silence any protests against the violent regime change .
The line runs in a general north @-@ south direction from [UNK] ( Tondo ) toward Laguna .
According to historian Mark Stille , the twin and triple mounts " lacked sufficient speed in train or elevation ; the gun sights were unable to handle fast targets ; the gun exhibited excessive vibration ; the magazine was too small , and , finally , the gun produced excessive muzzle blast " .
The revolt had been suppressed , and the Empire could return to order .
Nero 's consolidation of power also included a slow usurping of authority from the Senate .
" Five years down the road , we were probably not going to be in a position to do that . The more success you had at Lilly , the harder it would be to leave . " .
The music video garnered 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period , failing to attain the Vevo record held by Justin Bieber 's " Beauty and a Beat " music video ( 10 @.@ 6 million ) .
PAGASA briefly classified [UNK] as a tropical storm on August 19 before ending advisories the next day .
Biggest Draw ( 2008 ) .
One is that they evolved from [UNK] [UNK] .
According to Russell , " the view out front ceases to be the only one , and our person is suddenly adrift , fragmented , and subject to strange mutation . " Russell observed that while the depiction of figures in rooms is common through all eras of painting , the figures are always posed , and usually seemingly aware that they are being portrayed .
After 1872 , steel started to be introduced as a material for construction .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 3 is also known as San Lorenzo Monument 3 .
The Great Intelligence was voiced by Sir Ian McKellen .
NY 93 begins at an intersection with NY 18F ( Main Street ; co @-@ designated but not signed as County Route 907 or CR 907 ) in the center of the village of Youngstown .
He was the nephew of Thurstan , who was Archbishop of York from 1114 to 1140 .
Their work , which used acrylic paints to create designs representing body painting and ground sculptures , rapidly spread across Indigenous communities of central Australia , particularly after the introduction of a government @-@ sanctioned art program in central Australia in 1983 .
They stayed in [UNK] ( in what is now [UNK] , Chongqing ) at the entrance to the Three Gorges for almost two years from late spring 766 .
Finally Dickstein noted that because almost all the points of Hitler 's speech are drawn from some of Steiner 's earlier works , he " unwittingly creates sympathy for Hitler by making him old and pathetic yet also lucid and brilliant — at once absurdly harmless and unconvincingly dangerous . " .
Later , shot of chilled iron , a harder iron alloy , gave better armor @-@ piercing qualities .
The central pressures assigned to tropical cyclones have required modification , as the original estimates were 5 @-@ 10 hPa ( 0 @.@ 15 @-@ 0 @.@ 29 inHg ) too low in the Atlantic and up to 20 hPa ( 0 @.@ 59 inHg ) too high in the northwest Pacific .
It marks Arjona 's first music video taken from a live performance .
The Metropolitan Museum of Manila exhibits the Filipino arts and culture .
Lesnar added that " [ he 's ] an older caveman now , so [ he ] makes smarter caveman decisions " and that he chose to sign with WWE instead of returning to MMA because he could " work part @-@ time with full @-@ time pay " .
The wooden pole was later taken back to Japan by the family of Prince Maida .
The following week it fell off the chart but later re @-@ entered , reaching its peak at number 68 .
Suetonius also mentions Nero punishing Christians , though he does so because they are " given to a new and mischievous superstition " and does not connect it with the fire .
As he smiles at a family photo , the camera pans slowly from Lester to the kitchen wall , onto which blood [UNK] as a gunshot rings out ; the slow pan reflects the peace of Lester 's death .
He was a senator under Commodus and governor of Smyrna after the death of Septimius Severus ; and afterwards suffect consul around 205 , and also proconsul in Africa and Pannonia .
Austria , Italy , Russia , and Spain were also building ironclads .
On 31 July 1941 , ' C ' Squadron was officially activated and immediately received orders to prepare for overseas service alongside ' A ' and ' B ' Squadrons in an unspecified tropical climate .
In the summer of 2000 , Stevens was offered the opportunity to volunteer in the Butler basketball office .
Butler was nationally ranked for a school and league record 19 consecutive weeks .
Operation USA ( [UNK] , Operation California , or [UNK] ) is a non profit humanitarian organization dedicated to helping communities alleviate the effects of disaster , disease , and endemic poverty throughout the world by providing privately funded relief , reconstruction , humanitarian aid and development aid .
In the early 1990s a group of newly observant members began holding more traditional services in a back room of the synagogue , complete with a [UNK] , a partition separating men and women .
Monk 's court soon became a gathering place , where [UNK] kids and kids from the surrounding areas would hold pickup games .
Butler became the first team since the shot clock was adopted for the 1985 – 86 season to hold five straight tournament opponents under 60 points .
The episode saw several major design changes for the series .
On June 30 , 2016 , Kershaw was placed on the 15 @-@ day disabled list due to back pain .
In 1911 , Pound introduced two other poets to the Eiffel Tower group : his former fiancée Hilda Doolittle ( who had started signing her work H.D. ) and her future husband Richard Aldington .
Another prominent member of Nero 's entourage was Vespasian , an old and respected general who had celebrated military triumphs during the 40s .
The process of shipping the submarines by rail involved breaking the submarines down into what was essentially a knock down kit .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 7 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 53 ) measures 2 @.@ 7 metres ( 8 @.@ 9 ft ) high by 1 @.@ 85 metres ( 6 @.@ 1 ft ) wide by 1 @.@ 35 metres ( 4 @.@ 4 ft ) deep and weighs 18 tons .
The head has been moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa ( " Anthropological Museum of Xalapa " ) .
Critics speculate he was afraid of being disappointed , or thought that an intimate knowledge of the painting would dull his imagination .
The subterranean passages under the Rock provided the sole available office space , and in them was located the signal equipment by which we expected to keep in touch with the commanders of the three assault forces .
AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Heroes and Villains : .
Austrian Infantry Brigade , Major General Johann Nepomuk von Nostitz @-@ [UNK] , four battalions of Border Infantry , including the highly decorated 9th Regiment [UNK] .
Complications with the only in @-@ flight refueling on the return nearly prevented refueling , which would have forced the helicopters to divert to the Somali desert and await a rescue .
The special featured guest appearances by Gaby Moreno , Ricky Muñoz ( of the Mexican band Intocable ) and Paquita la del Barrio .
As a result of Spanish dictator Francisco Franco 's intransigence , the operation was postponed , modified , and ultimately abandoned .
Russia expanded her navy in the 1880s and 1890s with modern armored cruisers and battleships , but the ships were manned by inexperienced crews and politically appointed leadership , which enhanced their defeat in the Battle of Tsushima on 27 May 1905 .
During his reign , the redoubtable general Corbulo conducted a successful war and negotiated peace with the Parthian Empire .
In the Taegu region , five North Korean divisions were repulsed by three UN divisions in several attempts to attack the city during the Battle of Taegu .
Two days later , Stevens ' Bulldogs met second @-@ seeded Kansas State in the regional finals .
The work has been imitated and printed without authorization in a variety of ways .
Crude colossal stone heads are also known in the Southern Maya area where they are associated with the potbelly style of sculpture .
Temnospondyli means " cut vertebrae " , as each vertebra is divided into several parts .
The remaining tanks exchanged several volleys of fire with the artillery pieces before retreating back to their original positions .
Flash flooding occurred in earnest in those regions , and 1 @,@ 000 homes were flattened .
Following the aftermath of Typhoon [UNK] , the city began to dredge its rivers and improve its drainage network .
The squadron was formed into four troops , one Headquarters troop of three Valentines and one Tetrarch , one of four Valentines , and two formed from the remaining five Tetrarchs .
He next spent around six weeks in [UNK] ( now Tianshui , Gansu province ) , where he wrote more than sixty poems .
The fire is described in a manner similar to Julian of Norwich 's writing about God 's love and discussed in relationship to the shirt of Nessus , a shirt that burns its wearer .
Stanley Kauffmann , writing for The New Republic , concurred in part with this assessment .
Under direct Spanish rule , banking , industry and education flourished more than it had in the previous two centuries .
In the 1980s , an elderly resident recalled that the storm was the most severe on record in Fort Pierce .
In four seasons with the Michigan Wolverines , [UNK] played in 32 games and had over 1 @,@ 000 yards of total offense .
This was just the first of a total of five airstrikes that the Americans launched that day .
The Bintulu Tua Pek Kong temple ( near Tamu Bintulu ) is believed to have been built in the 1890s to purge the town from evil spirits .
The Strait would be effectively closed to the Allies once Gibraltar was in German hands , forcing Asia @-@ bound Allied shipping to steam all the way around Africa rather than to proceed to the east via the shorter route through the Mediterranean and the Suez Canal .
Kershaw made his fifth straight opening day start in 2015 , the first Dodgers pitcher to do so since Hall of Famer Don Sutton started seven in a row from 1972 through 1978 .
Because their armor was so heavy , they could only carry a single row of guns along the main deck on each side rather than a row on each deck .
Temple Beth Israel 's services and religious functions were lay @-@ led for decades .
On 18 September , 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy organised by court officials .
These zones have no form of local government .
Accordingly , a [UNK] of 75 denarii per head was bestowed upon the citizens , while the soldiers of the Praetorian Guard received a [UNK] which may have amounted to as much as 5000 denarii per person .
The ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser plant is the anhydrous ammonia and granular plant operated by ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser Sdn Bhd ( [UNK] ) , which is partly owned by Petronas .
Bintulu was a small settlement at that time .
The manufacturing complex has a production capacity of 25 @.@ 7 million tonnes per annum .
This is no load of bull ; it 's no WWE stunt .
His reputation and the value of his panels rose dramatically , and after the showing he was sought after by European , American and African collectors and galleries , commanding prices as high as £ 400 for single works , unusual for a contemporary British artist of the time .
Mendes accepted , and later recalled that after taxes and his agent 's commission , he only earned $ 38 @,@ 000 .
He died in office on 30 July 734 .
Its focus was on class struggle and its aim was to unite the Irish nationalist and unionist working classes in order to overthrow capitalism , both British and Irish .
Niall Horan — additional guitar .
The historian Josephus ( c . 37 – 100 ) , while calling Nero a tyrant , was also the first to mention bias against Nero .
It was said by Suetonius and Cassius Dio that Nero sang the " Sack of Ilium " in stage costume while the city burned .
After its return to Mexico , it was placed in the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City .
In 2000 , paleontologists Rainer Schoch and Andrew Milner named a third major clade of [UNK] , the [UNK] .
From a hill at 12 : 00 , after the fog had lifted , the men looked down on the Battle of Yongsan which was then in progress .
This group was not attacked during the night .
As a result , six bomber squadrons of the Vichy French Air Force ( Armée de l 'Air de Vichy ) and four squadrons of the Vichy French Navy ( Marine nationale de Vichy ) were employed in the operation .
During the feud with Goldberg , Lesnar was also at odds with Stone Cold Steve Austin , who was shown suggesting to Goldberg that he attack Lesnar at No Way Out .
When Ball first saw a completed edit , it was a version with truncated versions of these scenes .
Kershaw was selected to the 2013 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his third straight selection .
In April 2012 , The Independent reported that Simon Cowell , the group 's manager , had challenged prominent songwriters to compete for space on One Direction 's second album .
An anti @-@ internment protest organised by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association ( [UNK] ) at [UNK] Camp in January 1972 was met with violence from the 1st Battalion , The Parachute Regiment ( 1 Para ) .
The head was found in its original context a few metres north of the northwest corner of pyramid @-@ platform A @-@ 2 .
Although many rebels were ultimately convicted , a large number received amnesty .
In a 2013 post on his blog , Attack on Titan author Hajime Isayama revealed that he drew inspiration from Lesnar for the character of the Armored Titan .
The turbines were designed to produce a total of 40 @,@ 000 or 45 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 30 @,@ 000 or 34 @,@ 000 kW ) ( Hyūga and Ise respectively ) , using steam provided by 24 Kampon Ro Gō water @-@ tube boilers at working pressures of 13 – 16 @.@ 9 kg / cm2 ( 1 @,@ 275 – 1 @,@ 657 kPa ; 185 – 240 psi ) .
Buddy ends the affair , fearing an expensive divorce .
Near the hamlets , the [UNK] flood plain was at its widest , extending at the most 762 meters ( 2 @,@ 500 ft ) from the base of the [UNK] mountain to the bank of the river .
With North Koreans rapidly infiltrating his company 's position and gaining its rear , Robinson in the darkness made his way through them 500 yards ( 460 m ) to A Company 's position .
Measurements by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft showed higher than normal amounts of hydrogen within the crater , which may indicate the presence of water ice .
As an advisor to Emperor Nero , he successfully helped detect and expose the Pisonian conspiracy of 65 .
A reviewer for MTV News described the track 's lyricism as " butterflies @-@ inducing " , and Sam Lansky of Idolator wrote that " Kiss You " is noticeably a stand @-@ out track on its parent album .
Colonel Paul L. Freeman , the regimental commander , deployed the 1st Battalion on the high ground along the river with the three companies abreast .
The magazine found the parts where Kirby eats the unbreakable blocks to be innovative .
Travelling across the rooftops of [UNK] to meet [UNK] , Donald is given [UNK] 's latest invention , bubblegum ammo that can break through walls .
In February 2013 , Independiente received a nomination for " Latin Pop Album of the Year " at the Billboard Latin Music Awards of 2013 .
By late October of that year , the pair had met this goal : Gore had purchased $ 90 @,@ 000 worth of paper for about $ 20 @,@ 000 , and encouraged Craigie to purchase more than the $ 11 @,@ 000 he had acquired if his funding would allow for it .
Lieber believes that the former Führer is still alive , and following rumours and hearsay , he tracks Hitler 's movements through South America , until after months of wading through swamps in the Amazon jungle , the search party finds the 90 @-@ year @-@ old alive in a clearing .
He became the first pitcher in history to lead MLB in ERA for four consecutive years when he did so in the 2011 through 2014 seasons .
He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 – 05 season .
The musicians first worked together in 2005 , when Arjona released his tenth studio album ( Adentro ) .
At 06 : 00 September 3 , 300 North Koreans launched an attack from Hill 284 against the 38th Regiment command post .
Early tetrapods like [UNK] have thick stapes with poor impedance matching , so it is now thought that they were not used for hearing .
It was reactivated as an airfield support squadron in April 2015 .
In 2006 a commissioned work by [UNK] was exhibited at Shalom College at the University of New South Wales as part of a charity fundraising exhibition .
The cover artwork from the album was released online on May 20 , 2006 .
In its position , D Company not only commanded the town but also its exit , the road to Miryang .
He also sold ads for Buffalo Evening News competitor , Buffalo Courier @-@ Express .
American Beauty was edited by Christopher [UNK] and Tariq Anwar ; [UNK] began in the position , but had to leave halfway through post @-@ production because of a scheduling conflict with Me , Myself and Irene ( 2000 ) ( in which Chris Cooper also starred ) .
In mid @-@ 1941 , the Royal Armoured Corps in Britain created three tank squadrons for special overseas operations , known as ' A ' , ' B ' and ' C ' Special Service Squadrons .
[UNK] was a vassal state of Brunei , established to overpower Tondo .
[UNK] have been found to undergo rearrangement reactions via a radical mechanism when irradiated with UV light or in the presence of a single electron transfer reagent such as [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] undergo ring expansions to the corresponding lactam .
The French were outnumbered more than three to one , assaulted in the front by [UNK] 's column , in the middle by [UNK] 's and in the rear by [UNK] .
Two twin @-@ gun mounts for license @-@ built Vickers two @-@ pounder light AA guns were also added .
Nero 's final words were " Too late ! This is fidelity ! " He died on 9 June 68 , the anniversary of the death of Octavia , and was buried in the Mausoleum of the [UNK] [UNK] , in what is now the Villa Borghese ( [UNK] Hill ) area of Rome .
Caught between two strong forces , Gazan attempted to push his way back through Dürenstein , to reach the river where the flotilla could evacuate his exhausted troops .
Paul Heyman .
Inside the TARDIS the Doctor gives Clara a TARDIS key , but the ice governess arrives and pulls Clara down off the cloud .
The Bintulu combined cycle power plant was started in early 2010 with a capacity of 317 megawatts .
[UNK] derivatives are also used as specialized reagents in organic chemistry for a variety of oxidations , including alpha hydroxylation of [UNK] , epoxidation and [UNK] of olefins , and other heteroatom transfer reactions .
Over the Type UB Is ' first year of service , UB @-@ 4 and UB @-@ 13 were both lost , and UB @-@ 2 and UB @-@ 5 were transferred to the Baltic Flotilla .
But Eddie says that if he is not killed he will kill Bert when he recovers ; invoking the memory of Sarah , he shames Bert into giving up his claim .
The former routing of NY 3 along Shawnee , Lower Mountain , Gothic Hill , and Upper Mountain roads was redesignated as NY 3A even though all of NY 3 's former routing was already part of either NY 425 or NY 93 .
The number further increased to 220 after Metropolitan Cammell Carriage and Wagon , a company part owned by Vickers @-@ Armstrong that would be producing the tanks , indicated it had already ordered armour plating for that many tanks .
The French Navy led the way with the use of steel in its fleet , starting with the Redoutable , laid down in 1873 and launched in 1876 .
In September , Typhoon Maemi became one of the costliest typhoons in recorded history after striking South Korea ; Maemi was also the most intense tropical cyclone of the season with a minimum barometric pressure of 910 mbar ( hPa ; 26 @.@ 87 inHg ) .
Guerrero then hit a frog splash ; pinning Lesnar to win the WWE Championship .
Fisherman 's , sometimes while delaying .
Consequently , Mortier and Gazan marched blindly through the narrow canyon west of Dürenstein , not knowing what lay ahead of them .
Manila has the most number of barangays of any city or municipality in the Philippines .
Once Donald has completed the overland section of an area , he may leave by calling his nephews ' biplane , and will return to the dungeon entrance of that area if the player chooses to return .
Some modern biblical scholars such as Delbert Hillers ( Johns Hopkins University ) of the American Schools of Oriental Research and the editors of the Oxford & Harper Collins Study Bibles , contend that the number 666 in the Book of Revelation is a code for Nero , a view that is also supported in Roman Catholic Biblical commentaries .
The glass cage might imply a vacuum that the figure 's voice is unable to escape ; as if it is screaming in silence .
Bacon adapts the Old Master 's device to isolate and distance the sitter from the viewer ; the black ground @-@ paint is visible through the folds , making the separation all the more affecting .
He was also a brother of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity .
As Birch was 16 at the time she made the film , and thus classified as a minor in the United States , her parents had to approve her brief topless scene in the movie .
There they were defeated two games to nil .
They were met with a hail of stones and petrol bombs .
In 1929 , Walter [UNK] jokingly suggested that Aldington should produce a new Imagist anthology .
Instead , Mendes asked Fred Elmes , who turned the job down because he did not like the script .
Damage was heaviest in the Cagayan Valley , where over 80 @,@ 000 people were displaced by the storm .
Pound 's note opened with a definition of an image as " that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time " .
Narnia web links , International links ' , International links from [UNK] web site .
However , Guangdong Province , Hainan Province , and Guangxi were the Chinese regions most extensively impacted .
[UNK] [UNK] , one of Manila 's most prominent museums , documents the Chinese lives and contributions in the history of the Philippines .
By the next day , the center was exposed , and Parma became extratropical , later exiting the basin on November 1 .
In 1910 , the Navy put forward a request to the Diet ( parliament ) to secure funding for the entirety of the program at once .
It was later included as part of the DVD / Blu @-@ ray box set Doctor Who : The Complete Seventh Series in September 2013 .
Thomas Newman 's score was recorded in Santa Monica , California .
The 2nd Division numbered 6 @,@ 000 .
Further additions of half @-@ sections to either of these section forms a ladder network which may start and end with series or shunt elements .
Initial plans had the ships launch their helicopters at 01 : 00 on 7 January .
[UNK] led the Big Ten in receptions .
After the accompanying music video was released , the song re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 65 .
NCAA Division I Heavyweight Champion ( 2000 ) .
Speculation about a return to MMA lasted until March 24 , 2015 , when Lesnar announced in an interview on SportsCenter that he had re @-@ signed with WWE and officially closed the door on a return to MMA , even though he was offered a deal " ten times more " than what he had made previously in his MMA career .
The extratropical remnants of Soudelor continued to the northeast , crossing northern Japan on June 20 and dissipating on June 24 .
The read @-@ through had taken place on 2 August 2012 .
He also spearheaded actions to drive Senator John Quincy Adams from the Federalist Party over his support of Thomas Jefferson 's foreign policy .
Another cluster of colleges lies along the southern bank of the Pasig River , mostly at the Intramuros and Ermita districts , and still a smaller cluster is found at the southernmost part of Malate near the border with Pasay such as the private co @-@ educational institution of De La Salle University , the largest of all De La Salle University System of schools .
In his book The Lives of the Twelve Caesars , Suetonius describes Nero as " about the average height , his body marked with spots and malodorous , his hair light blonde , his features regular rather than attractive , his eyes blue and somewhat weak , his neck over thick , his belly prominent , and his legs very slender . " .
On October 24 , the JMA estimated peak winds of 175 km / h ( 110 mph ) while the JTWC estimated winds of 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) , an unusually high intensity for 30 ° N. Subsequently , Parma rounded the subtropical ridge and began moving to the east @-@ southeast , beginning a nearly week @-@ long loop .
The Bank of the United States was established by Alexander Hamilton to provide stable banking services on a national scale , and sought to open a branch in Boston .
His next two reigns were as simply WWE Champion , while his final one was as WWE World Heavyweight Champion .
Lesnar submitted Soo Kim with strikes in 1 : 09 of the first round to win his first official MMA match .
The Kingdom of Tondo once ruled in the vicinity of Manila before it briefly became a province of the Hindu Majapahit Empire .
The first ironclad battleship , Gloire , was launched by the French Navy in November 1859 .
Three years later , she served as the flagship for the Emperor of the puppet state of Manchukuo , Henry Pu @-@ yi , during his state visit to Japan in June 1940 .
His ERA of 2 @.@ 70 at the time was the fifth best of the live @-@ ball era at the 1 @,@ 000 inning mark and the best career mark .
NY 93 was realigned in the late 1970s to bypass Lower Mountain and Gothic Hill Roads on Junction and Upper Mountain roads , replacing NY 270 along Junction Road .
No computer was fitted at that time and data from the rangefinders had to be processed manually .
The Doctor picks up Clara and takes her back to Latimer 's mansion , placing her under medical care of Strax .
The Abwehr contacted a Spanish staff officer from Campo de Gibraltar , Lieutenant Colonel [UNK] Sánchez Rubio , a Spanish officer , member of the Falange and coordinator of the intelligence operations in the Campo , to establish a network of saboteurs with access to Gibraltar .
Lesnar 's first feud was with the Hardy Boyz .
A gun battle ensued in which a young Provisional IRA officer , Eamonn Lafferty , was killed .
Family [UNK] .
Japanese forces landed in Miri on 16 December 1941 .
There was very little crime .
At SummerSlam , Lesnar defeated Cena to become the WWE World Heavyweight Champion , and during the match he delivered sixteen suplexes ( most of which were German suplexes ) and two F @-@ 5s to Cena , who barely managed any offense .
Lesnar had another successful title defense against Giant Bernard on May 3 , 2006 .
The exact amount he made is unclear from the surviving documents : John Quincy Adams wrote that Gore 's speculations made him the wealthiest lawyer in the country .
Howard was also clutch in their next game , hitting a free throw with a less than one second remaining to beat Pitt in a dramatic finish .
On February 5 , Stevens notched his 50th win as Butler beat Detroit 66 – 61 .
It also began the task of commemorating the 600 @,@ 000 Commonwealth casualties from the Second World War .
William Carlos Williams developed his poetic along distinctly American lines with his variable foot and a diction he claimed was taken " from the mouths of Polish mothers " .
Vickers @-@ Armstrong installed on the Mk VIIs a 2 @-@ pounder 40 @-@ millimetre ( 1 @.@ 6 in ) main gun paired with a 7 @.@ 92 @-@ millimetre ( 0 @.@ 312 in ) [UNK] machine gun , and mounted the two guns in a two @-@ man turret .
The suspension system was also a new design that relied on struts with pockets of air for springing and cushions of oil for damping , and each of the wheels was independently sprung .
On May 22 , 2006 the first single from the album , " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " , was made available online as a free MP3 download .
The sculpture was then refined by retouching the surface using [UNK] , which were generally rounded cobbles that could be of the same basalt as the monument itself , although this was not always the case .
Areas of convection persisted year @-@ round in the lower latitudes , particularly around the Philippines .
He served until his death in 1976 .
The final system of the year was a tropical depression that originated out of the monsoon trough on December 24 east of the Philippines .
Lesnar was featured on the covers of Flex and Muscle & Fitness magazine in 2004 , and Minneapolis ' City Pages in 2008 .
Later semiaquatic [UNK] , such as [UNK] and [UNK] , have no evidence of scales .
George Forth as Jack [UNK] .
Best Box Office Draw ( 2008 – 2010 ) .
In light of this effect , it is possible to take advantage of the chiral nitrogen due to high inversion barrier to direct the rearrangement .
The city government have control of the executive and legislative branch .
The win gave Stevens the first Sweet Sixteen appearance of his career .
At this stage of the battle fighting paused .
Ball later said his anger when writing the first draft had blinded him to the idea that Lester needed to refuse sex with Angela to complete his emotional journey — to achieve redemption .
Reviewing the posters of several 1999 films , David Hochman of Entertainment Weekly rated American Beauty 's highly , saying it evoked the tagline ; he said , " You return to the poster again and again , thinking , this time you 're gonna find something . " DreamWorks did not want to test screen the film ; according to Mendes , the studio was pleased with it , but he insisted on one where he could question the audience afterward .
He became the first Dodgers starter with back @-@ to @-@ back games of at least 13 strikeouts since Chan Ho Park in 2000 and the first Dodgers pitcher with back @-@ to @-@ back games of double @-@ digit strikeouts and no walks since [UNK] Vance in 1930 .
At the conclusion of the finals series , the winner of two awards were announced .
Family [UNK] .
He wins game after game , beating Fats so badly that Fats is forced to quit .
Bintulu Government Secondary School was opened in 1964 .
He did not rejoin the Dodgers until early May .
This season the game was played at the Sydney Cricket Ground in Australia .
Still the army made no move to enter the area .
[UNK] with his nephews Huey , Dewey , and Louie , and using the partial map from the library , Donald begins his search in [UNK] , with the trail being directed to an Aztec pyramid in Mexico .
Those naval engagements of the latter half of the 19th @-@ century which involved ironclads normally involved colonial actions or clashes between second @-@ rate naval powers .
The Americans finally spotted the Japanese carriers at 16 : 40 , some 200 miles ( 320 km ) east of Cape Engaño , the northeastern tip of Luzon .
Selected pieces of score from " The Snowmen " and the preceding Christmas special , as composed by Murray Gold , were included on a soundtrack released on 21 October 2013 by Silva Screen Records .
There were several variations on the Tetrarch design , including the Alecto self @-@ propelled gun and the Light Tank Mk VIII , but none of these were ever used in active service with the British Army .
Following the release of the album , Stone Sour went on to promote it for over a year ; releasing five singles and touring in several regions , including the United States , Canada , Japan and several countries in Europe .
Continuing the theme introduced with the series ' first five episodes , " The Snowmen " was promoted like a movie .
" handling of innuendo , subtle sarcasm , and blunt talk "2 Turan concluded .
Silver that was mined in Mexico and Peru were exchanged for Chinese silk , Indian gems , and the spices of the Southeast Asia , some of which even flowed to Europe .
The construction of the earliest airstrip in Bintulu began in 1934 but was halted in 1938 due to financial difficulties .
Throughout the day , foreign diplomats and civilians sought refuge at the embassy .
The gangsters may have run businesses related to illegal logging , controlling the prices of diesel , eggs , fertiliser and gas cylinders .
Lesnar is a conservative and a supporter of the Republican Party .
She was one of the few of Nero 's courtiers who survived the fall of his reign .
Germanicus was also the adopted son of Tiberius .
He states that Nero 's persecution led to Peter and Paul 's deaths , but that Nero did not give any specific orders .
Tacitus also said that Nero playing his lyre and singing while the city burned was only rumor .
In each case a " T @-@ number " ( an abbreviation for Tropical Number ) and a Current Intensity ( CI ) value are assigned to the storm .
Unfortunately , much of Manila 's prewar and Spanish colonial architecture was destroyed during World War II .
The figure is clearly identifiable as a pope from his clothing .
Reaction to The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was mixed .
He starts having sexual fantasies about Angela , in which red rose petals are a recurring motif .
[UNK] forms in the Carboniferous graded into [UNK] forms in the Permian , and finally into [UNK] in the Triassic .
The Devastation and the similar ships commissioned by the British and Russian navies in the 1870s were the exception rather than the rule .
Newman was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor .
Development of the railway system began in the 1970s under the Marcos administration , making it the first light rail transport in Southeast Asia .
The flagpole west of the Rizal Monument is the Kilometer Zero marker for distances to the rest of the country .
Previously a widely played sport in the city , Manila is now the home of the only sizable baseball stadium in the country , at the Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium .
After resistance from the French committee responsible for the approvals of memorials on French territory , the Commission revised their plan and reduced the number of memorials , and in some cases built memorials to the missing in existing cemeteries rather than as separate structures .
The weakness of the breech @-@ loader was the obvious problem of sealing the breech .
One group of [UNK] , the [UNK] , is also known from larval specimens .
Keiser in this emergency attached the 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion to the regiment .
It also became apparent that the rebels had an ineffective command @-@ and @-@ control structure , making it impossible to negotiate any ceasefire or guarantee of safe passage .
It lost one tank before the formation landed when the Tetrarch broke loose of its shackles and crashed through the nose of the glider that was carrying it , causing both to fall into the sea mid @-@ flight .
Hall was involved for one month during preproduction ; his ideas for lighting the film began with his first reading of the script , and further passes allowed him to refine his approach before meeting Mendes .
North of Masan , the NK 4th Division and the US 24th Infantry Division sparred in the Naktong Bulge area .
Ted Petoskey preceded [UNK] as an All @-@ American end on the University of Michigan football team .
Kershaw finished the 2011 season by leading the NL with 21 wins , 248 strikeouts and a 2 @.@ 28 ERA , winning the NL pitching Triple Crown , the first Triple Crown winner since Jake Peavy of the 2007 San Diego Padres and the first Dodger since Sandy Koufax won it in the 1966 season .
Since 2005 , the Commission has carried out similar management duties on behalf of the British Ministry of Defence for cemeteries and graves of British and Imperial soldiers who died during the Second Boer War .
Late in October , an area of convection persisted northwest of Palau and quickly organized into a tropical depression on October 29 .
The National Committee for the Care of Soldiers ' Graves was created with the intention of taking over the work of the Directorate of Graves Registration and Enquiries after the war .
Natalie Torres of Dia a Dia reported , " Arjona knows how to handle his ' girls ' , with a mix of attitudes from a ' rough ' male and seductive lyrics " .
In some [UNK] , such as [UNK] , tusks in the lower jaw pierce the palate and emerge through openings in the top of the skull .
Stevens prefers to recruit strong team players instead of going after " top recruits . " " The guys we [ have ] recruited , most of them weren 't very highly ranked , " Stevens says .
A number of asymmetric [UNK] exist : the Sharpless epoxidation , the Jacobsen @-@ [UNK] epoxidation , and the Juliá @-@ Colonna [UNK] .
Jukes scored 10 first half points , tying his season high .
During the morning of 1 September , Walker weighed the news coming in from his southern front , wavering in a decision as to which part of the front most needed his Pusan Perimeter reserves .
Cyclones undergoing extratropical transition , losing their thunderstorm activity , see their intensities underestimated using the Dvorak technique .
In 1788 , Gore was elected a delegate to the 1789 Massachusetts convention that ratified the United States Constitution .
A lack of gliders prevented their participation in the Allied invasion of Sicily in 1943 ; instead they were attached to the new 6th Airborne Division and became part of the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment .
The naming of these first specimens was disputed , however .
District 5 is the least densely populated area with 19 @,@ 235 .
The discovery of remains of First and Second World War casualties remains a common occurrence with approximately 30 bodies discovered annually .
On their arrival in Mogadishu , the crew of the helicopters were using an outdated 1969 map , which showed the embassy in an isolated area .
Liam Payne , a group member , in a November 2012 interview with MTV News , explained why they chose " Kiss You " as the album 's second single in the US .
Seneca succeeded in having himself , Pallas and [UNK] acquitted .
Other shooting locations included a townhouse on East 82nd Street , which served as the Louisville home of Murray Hamilton 's character Findley , and the Manhattan Greyhound bus terminal .
Some cars had to be broken into to be moved .
The song , which music video was similar to that of " Te Quiero " , managed to peak at number 14 in Mexico .
Husbands @-@ Hankin was instrumental in developing the concept of " Ethical Kashrut " , the idea that one should only purchase goods that are produced in an ethical way .
It destroyed three of fourteen Roman districts and severely damaged seven .
However , the San Lorenzo heads were buried by 900 BC , indicating that their period of manufacture and use was earlier still .
Asked what his life would be like if he had never taken up coaching , he replies " If everything else remained the same , I would have been as happy as heck ... Friends and family and faith , they 're going to take the cake over all this stuff . " Stevens met his wife , Tracy ( née Wilhelmy ) , while attending DePauw University .
On each side of the monument a strap descends from the headdress , passing in front of the ear .
By August 1944 , most of the Tetrarchs in action were replaced with Cromwell cruiser tanks , and the remainder were replaced by the M22 Locust in December 1944 .
The fuel storage of the ships was increased to a total of 5 @,@ 113 long tons ( 5 @,@ 195 t ) of fuel oil that gave them a range of 7 @,@ 870 nautical miles ( 14 @,@ 580 km ; 9 @,@ 060 mi ) at a speed of 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) .
He returned to Massachusetts in 1804 and reentered state politics , running unsuccessfully for governor several times before winning in 1809 .
At that time the parade was held on 12 August each year .
He kept a clean sheet as United cruised through to the next round winning 3 – 0 .
By 1917 , 17 @,@ 000 photographs had been dispatched to relatives .
On 11 March 1942 Ise and Hyūga sortied from their anchorage at Hashirajima to join the unsuccessful search for the American carrier force that had attacked Marcus Island a week earlier .
A flotilla of 50 boats acquired at Passau provided communications across the Danube .
Approximately 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) west of Yongsan an estimated 300 North Korean troops engaged A Company in a fire fight .
This compound image is used to discuss the connection of holy places with the Holy Spirit , Pentecost , communion with the dead , and the repetition of history .
The table at right shows the approximate surface wind speed and sea level pressure that corresponds to a given T @-@ number .
" The Conqueror " .
However , after passing to the northeast , winds from the typhoon fanned volcanic ash from the recently erupting Anatahan volcano towards the island , prompting precautionary measures in Guam .
The Borneo International Kite Festival is held annually in the town .
More importantly , Watson began using the term Labyrinthodontia to refer to these groups .
' C ' Squadron was officially transferred to the 1st Airborne Division on 24 June 1942 , bringing with it seven Tetrarchs among its other vehicles .
However , the ladder topology used by Campbell with the constant k is still in use today with implementations of modern filter designs such as the Tchebyscheff filter .
Maufe worked extensively for the Commission for 25 years until 1969 , becoming Chief Architect and also succeeding Kenyon as Artistic Advisor .
This cross represents the faith of the majority of the dead and the sword represents the military character of the cemetery , intended to link British soldiers and the Christian concept of self @-@ sacrifice .
She won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events .
The more practical threat to wooden ships was from conventional cannon firing red @-@ hot shot , which could lodge in the hull of a wooden ship and cause a fire or ammunition explosion .
He masturbates in the confines of his shower ; the shower stall evokes a jail cell and the shot is the first of many where Lester is confined behind bars or within frames , such as when he is reflected behind columns of numbers on a computer monitor , " confined [ and ] nearly crossed out " .
The NK 2nd Division , concentrated in the Sinban @-@ ni area west of the river , had , in effect , attacked straight east across the river and was trying to seize the two avenues of advance into Changnyong above and below Lake U @-@ p 'o .
They were the first people to be killed by the British Army in Derry .
Previously , Manila was the country 's most competitive city in 2015 , making it the best place to live in and do business .
Gore served as district attorney until 1796 .
Before 1960 , Bintulu was connected to Kuching by sea through a ship named " Swee Joo " .
At 21 : 00 the first shells of what proved to be a two @-@ hour North Korean artillery and mortar preparation against the American river positions of 2nd Platoon .
The ZNG , formally established on 23 April , was tasked with protection of the constitutional order , maintenance of public order , anti @-@ terrorist operations , protection of Croatia 's borders , territory , coast and territorial waters , as well as the protection of high @-@ value structures and high @-@ profile persons .
Some buildings destroyed by the war have been reconstructed , such as the Old Legislative Building ( National Museum ) , [UNK] de Manila ( Bureau of the Treasury ) and the currently under construction San Ignacio Church ( Museo de Intramuros ) .
During the Brunei invasion of the Philippines , Sultan Bolkiah of Brunei captured [UNK] ( a village in modern @-@ day Manila ) and renamed it [UNK] , a Tagalog term referring to the presence of the Nila shrub .
November featured less storms but was climatologically average , with two typhoons developing .
Temnospondyli was named by German palaeontologist Karl Alfred von Zittel in his second edition of Handbuch der [UNK] , published in 1888 .
Typhoon [UNK] stalled and encountered unfavorable conditions , resulting in quick weakening .
The team received the nine seed in the South Regional , and lost to eighth @-@ seeded Louisiana State in the first round by a score of 75 – 71 to finish the year at 26 – 6 overall .
During this time C @-@ 47 Skytrain planes supplied the battalion by airdrops .
Winds were not as strong farther from the center ; 40 to 45 mph ( 64 to 72 km / h ) winds were observed in Miami to the south , Titusville to the north , and Tampa on the west coast .
This approach gave Hall more control over the shadows while keeping the fill light unobtrusive and the dark areas free of spill .
In May 2008 , Boulter made a guest appearance on a two @-@ part episode arc of the television series Waking the Dead , followed by an appearance on the television series Survivors in November 2008 .
The inclusion of a poem by Joyce , I Hear an Army , which was sent to Pound by W.B. Yeats , took on a wider importance in the history of literary modernism , as the subsequent correspondence between the two led to the serial publication , at Pound 's behest , of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man in The Egoist .
[UNK] TAFB AND SAB [UNK] IN WITH A [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] OF T2.5 / 35 KT .
During World War II , the airstrip was heavily bombed by Allied forces .
She was propelled by a steam engine , driving a single screw propeller for a speed of 13 knots ( 24 km / h ) .
However , in July , Heyman turned on Punk , and claimed that Punk could not beat Lesnar , which led to Lesnar making his return and attacking Punk on the July 15 episode of Raw .
A lighter alternative to the turret , particularly popular with the French navy , was the barbette .
He was the first pitcher to throw a shutout and hit a home run on opening day since Bob Lemon of the Cleveland Indians did so against the Chicago White Sox on April 14 , 1953 .
National Post journalist Robert Fulford described the perspective as one in which the entire world is a suburb of Manhattan .
He was the 8th Dodger pitcher to win the award , the first since Éric Gagné in the 2003 season .
[UNK] criticized how the film made a mystery of Lester 's murder , believing it manipulative and simply a way of generating suspense .
However , ultimately any effects in the archipelago associated with Kujira remained minimal .
In 1785 he married Rebecca Amory Payne , daughter of a wealthy merchant , maritime insurer , and director of the Bank of Massachusetts .
IGN 's Matt Risley gave " The Snowmen " a score of 9 @.@ 4 out of 10 , describing it as " a rollicking , riveting masterclass in storytelling " which " refreshingly " lacked traditional Christmas references " in favour of some sparkling dialogue , gorgeous set design and fascinating characterisation " .
SM UB @-@ 7 ( as U @-@ 7 ) .
Bony scutes are also seen in [UNK] , but unlike [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] , these animals are thought to have been fully aquatic .
A fellow cleric , [UNK] , who had been a chaplain of the deceased archbishop , brought murder charges against Osbert .
The Commission has also constructed or commissioned memorials to commemorate the dead who have no known grave ; the largest of these is the Thiepval Memorial .
These , together with the backlog of maintenance tasks from before the war , took a further 10 years to complete and the programme was not completed until the 1960s .
Below is a cladogram modified from [UNK] and Bolt ( 2010 ) showing the relationships of [UNK] , [UNK] , and Lissamphibia : .
General Douglas MacArthur declared Manila an open city to prevent further death and destruction ; despite this , the Japanese warplanes continued to bomb the city .
The battles of the American Civil War and at Lissa were very influential on the designs and tactics of the ironclad fleets that followed .
While in this position , Suetonius started writing biographies of the emperors , accentuating the anecdotal and sensational aspects .
Outside , a salt @-@ water rain has started , and the Doctor sees that another psychic ability has taken control of the snow from the Great Intelligence : the Latimer family , crying for Clara .
The following week , after Triple H signed the contract and assaulted Heyman , the stipulation was revealed as No Holds Barred with Triple H 's career on the line .
He managed to win a seat later , when a special election was held after resignations opened several seats .
No. 20 Squadron flew its last mission , a transport flight to Balikpapan , on 21 January 1946 , and disbanded at Rathmines on 27 March .
Bintulu Division was formerly a Bintulu District under the jurisdiction of Miri Division .
Among the most distinguishing features of [UNK] are the [UNK] vacuities , two large holes in the back of the palate .
Sir Henry Keppel was responsible for crushing the Dayak piracy in the [UNK] between 1840 and 1850 .
As the Japanese advanced into the South West Pacific , No. 20 Squadron was also responsible for evacuating white civilians from areas threatened by invasion .
Crown @-@ group tetrapods are descendants of the most recent common ancestor of all living tetrapods and stem tetrapods are forms that are outside the crown group .
Eddie comes back to win $ 12 @,@ 000 .
At 03 : 00 , 1 September , the 9th Infantry Regiment ordered its only reserve , E Company to move west along the Yongsan @-@ Naktong River road and take a blocking position at the pass between Cloverleaf Hill and Obong @-@ ni Ridge , 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) from the river and 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) from Yongsan .
On February 26 , 2010 , Butler traveled to Valparaiso for their regular season finale .
In 2009 and 2010 , she searched for another horse to assist her in getting through Paralympic qualification .
In assessing the battle and its aftermath , historians have laid the blame and credit for its outcome not only on Mortier and Gazan : " Napoleon , aware of Mortier 's danger and his own culpability for it , vented his frustration on Murat , whom he unjustly accused of abandoning Mortier for the empty glory of riding through Vienna . " .
This pinnately leaved , non @-@ spiny genus includes both small palms lacking an aboveground stem and large trees .
Smoke and the general chaos of battle only added to the problem .
In late 1996 , after considering both Reform and Reconstructionist as alternatives , the congregation affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement .
Much thought was also given to the type of men needed for such a strange and demanding task .
The castle had served as a prison for Richard I of England in 1193 .
In this close action Ouellette was killed .
When Lester 's boss , Brad , tells him that he is to be laid off , Lester instead blackmails him for $ 60 @,@ 000 and quits his job .
Several other contenders opened at the end of 1999 , and US critics spread their honors among them when compiling their end @-@ of @-@ year lists .
The Union built a large fleet of fifty monitors modeled on their namesake .
Workers attempted to save the dam with sandbags , and after the break , most residents in the area were warned of the approaching flood .
There are also some examples drawn from the Psalms .
Kershaw was promoted to the Great Lakes Loons in 2007 , where he recorded a record of 7 – 5 with a 2 @.@ 77 ERA .
Formed in 1994 , the band performs a style of music which it refers to as " G @-@ punk " , a fusion of punk rock and gangsta rap .
Four waves of five CH @-@ 46 Sea Knight helicopters each evacuated the embassy compound shortly after midnight on 6 January .
Firstly , Hitler claims he took his doctrines from the Jews and copied the notion of the master race from the Chosen people and their need to separate themselves from the " unclean " .
Directed artillery fire destroyed the village .
The history of Nero by Pliny the Elder ( c . 24 – 79 ) did not survive .
On the front portion it is decorated with five semicircular motifs .
Soudelor moved to the northwest and later to the north , parallel to the eastern Philippines , and on June 17 , the JMA upgraded it to typhoon status .
The Derry Citizens ' Defence Association was formed initially by republicans , who then invited other nationalists to join .
It also sets a series of mysteries ; Anker asks , " from what place exactly , and from what state of being , is he telling this story ? If he 's already dead , why bother with whatever it is he wishes to tell about his last year of being alive ? There is also the question of how Lester has died — or will die . " Anker believes the preceding scene — Jane 's discussion with Ricky about the possibility of his killing her father — adds further mystery .
Foreign policy played a major role in Gore 's administration .
The result was the construction of two Warrior @-@ class ironclads ; HMS Warrior and HMS Black Prince .
The Talmud adds that the sage Reb Meir Baal [UNK] , Rabbi Meir or Rabbi Meir Baal [UNK] ( Rabbi Meir the miracle maker ) was a Jewish sage who lived in the time of the [UNK] a prominent supporter of the Bar Kokhba rebellion against Roman rule .
Vessels intended for commerce raiding or protection of commerce , called ' armoured [UNK] .
In 2014 Operation USA 's CEO Richard M. Walden received the Honeywell Hometown Hero Award from the Honeywell Corp. .
He married around 752 , and by 757 the couple had had five children — three sons and two daughters — but one of the sons died in infancy in 755 .
These concerns are continuously articulated in poems on the lives of both soldiers and civilians produced by Du Fu throughout his life .
Not far from NY 78 , NY 93 changes names to [UNK] Road at an intersection with Beattie Avenue ( CR 14 ) and Raymond Road ( CR 85 ) .
This produces a " saxophone shaped " [UNK] portion of the stem .
Sarawak Planted Forest Sdn Bhd , a company wholly owned by the Sarawak state government , has been granted a license to replant forests for 60 years .
Two heads from San Lorenzo are on permanent display at the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City .
He appeared on the television series Survivors as " Neil " in November 2008 .
Eddie gets ahead $ 11 @,@ 000 and Charlie tries to convince him to quit , but Eddie insists the game will end only when Fats says it is over .
Soon after , the convection decreased from the center , and by May 20 , all warning agencies had discontinued advisories .
[UNK] are now identified as [UNK] distantly related to [UNK] .
In Mexico , Independiente debuted at number one for the week ending 9 October 2011 .
In the rainy season it rarely rains all day but the rainfall is very heavy during short periods .
On October 5 , the JMA monitored a tropical depression southeast of Taiwan that later passed near the island , producing heavy rainfall that peaked at 153 mm ( 6 @.@ 0 in ) in Ilan County .
Offshore , a 1 @,@ 040 ton fishing vessel , the [UNK] [UNK] , sank during the storm .
As a result of Spanish cultural influence , Manila is a predominantly Christian ( Catholic ) city .
Many of the residents ' original grievances were addressed with the passing of the Local Government ( Northern Ireland ) Act , 1972 , which redrew the electoral boundaries and introduced universal adult suffrage based on the single transferable vote .
There were no medical supplies except those carried by one aid man .
However , after 19 appearances , including two in the League Cup , Amos returned to Manchester United on 3 January 2013 .
The national health department also operates the San Lazaro Hospital , a special referral tertiary hospital .
The hurricane damaged a lumber mill on Abaco , washing away a dock .
Arjona wrote all the songs except " El Amor " ( which was co @-@ written with Torres ) .
[UNK] included only a few forms , such as [UNK] from Europe and [UNK] from North America , that had poorly developed bones , external gills , and no ribs .
Sometimes a soldier employed a pseudonym because they were too young to serve or were sought by law enforcement ; in such cases their primary name is shown along with the notation " served as " .
The Union was also building a large armored frigate , the USS New Ironsides , and the smaller USS Galena .
The situation continued until October 1969 when , following publication of the Hunt Report , military police were allowed in .
Of those in the company , approximately ten men escaped to friendly lines .
The fruit are dispersed by animals ; fruit which are not dispersed frequently suffer seed predation by [UNK] beetles .
A CD containing footage of Lesnar training was included with [UNK] 's " [UNK] " product .
Unlike in the Philippines , however , Kujira would bring significant rainfall to Taiwan .
[UNK] , known in Japan as I Love Donald Duck : Georgia Ou no Hihou ( Japanese : [UNK] [UNK] , Hepburn : Ai Rabu [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] Ō no [UNK] ) , is a 1991 platforming video game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis .
Following landfall , Kujira transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on April 25 , which persisted until crossing the International Dateline towards the end of April 2003 .
A total of 281 evacuees were taken from the embassy , including 12 heads of missions ( eight ambassadors and four [UNK] d 'affaires ) and 61 Americans ( including Ambassador Bishop and 36 embassy staff ) .
Stevens is known for a calm , focused coaching style .
The Ferrar household lived a Christian life according to High Church principles and the Book of Common Prayer .
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski agreed , saying Butler would be " right up there , No. 1 or No. 2 ... They 'll be a favorite next year . " However , Hayward chose to leave early for the NBA Draft and Butler went through a rough patch early in the season , at one point losing three straight games and having a 6 – 5 conference record .
Nero 's father , Gnaeus , was the son of Lucius Domitius [UNK] ( consul 16 BC ) and Antonia Major .
The headdress is decorated with the talons or claws of either a jaguar or an eagle .
Colossal Head 4 is 1 @.@ 78 metres ( 5 @.@ 8 ft ) high , 1 @.@ 17 metres ( 3 @.@ 8 ft ) wide and 0 @.@ 95 metres ( 3 @.@ 1 ft ) deep .
Boats of this design were also operated by the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy ( Kaiserliche und Königliche Kriegsmarine or K.u.K. Kriegsmarine ) and the Bulgarian Navy .
With the fate of the album in jeopardy , Stone Sour recruited ex @-@ Soulfly member Roy Mayorga as a session drummer .
Harvard 's first library building , a Gothic structure built in 1838 of Quincy granite , was named in his honor , but was demolished when Widener Library was built in its place in 1915 .
Nero was acclaimed in public for this initial victory .
Mines and obstructions , however , negated these advantages — a problem the British Admiralty frequently acknowledged but never countered throughout the period .
Although he appeared to be an unlikely candidate on account of his age and weak health , Nerva was considered a safe choice precisely because he was old and childless .
In the Philippines , [UNK] dropped about 150 mm ( 6 in ) of rainfall , which flooded the Cagayan River and killed four people .
" Si Tu No [UNK] " was released in November 2012 as the set 's fifth and final single , and was intended to promote the re @-@ release of the album .
The Fasti [UNK] , the [UNK] Calendar , records that the same day the Senate proclaimed Marcus Cocceius Nerva emperor .
There are several shopping malls in Bintulu : [UNK] Mall , City Point , [UNK] Kee Departmental Stores , Farley shopping complex , Sing Kwong Supermarkets , and MDS @-@ Mart .
Tracy graduated from Rocky River High School in 1995 , and from DePauw in 1999 .
Each postseason series was scheduled for a Friday , Saturday and Sunday .
The hearing system of [UNK] and related [UNK] was able to detect airborne sound and may have been ancestral to that of living amphibians .
An image based on a triptych by [UNK] , Bush Berries , appears on the cover of a book on the visual perception of motion , Motion Vision .
Stevens rallied the team , and they proceeded to win 16 straight games before facing Siena in a [UNK] game .
He was abducted , interrogated and shot .
Miller argues that although some may be over familiar , there is a parodic element at work , " making good on [ the film 's ] encouragement that viewers look closer " .
He revealed the circumstances of his first contract : " a producer , friend of mine , told them [ the record label ] that if they did not sign me in , they won 't sign two artists he had [ at that time ] " .
The venues are as follows : .
Unlike [UNK] , [UNK] was known since 1969 , and the presence of pedicellate teeth in its jaws has led some paleontologists to conclude soon after its naming that it was a relative of modern amphibians .
In Derry there was far less hostility between the two organisations than elsewhere and householders commonly paid subscriptions to both .
National Junior College Athletic Association .
Later a combined HQ was formed which commenced operations in early 1942 .
Since the establishment of the People 's Republic of China , Du Fu 's loyalty to the state and concern for the poor have been interpreted as embryonic nationalism and socialism , and he has been praised for his use of simple , " people 's language " .
On July 31 , 2006 , the day before its release the album was made available online for streaming in its entirety through AOL .
According to the poet , humanity 's flawed understanding of life and turning away from God leads to a cycle of warfare , but this can be overcome by recognising the lessons of the past .
The cheeks are pronounced and the ears are particularly well executed .
By this time , [UNK] had become a common and widespread component of semiaquatic ecosystems .
In 67 , Nero ordered a young freedman , [UNK] , to be castrated and then married him .
The volunteers in the K @-@ 7 building would be needed as look @-@ outs for the embassy compound 's main gate .
From the Earth , it is viewed edge @-@ on in a region of rough , cratered terrain .
The church , the centre of the community , was restored in 1714 and again in 1853 .
Large reserves of natural gas were discovered off the coast of Bintulu in 1969 .
The following month , the group raised their forecast for tropical storms to 26 @.@ 7 , indicating a slightly above average season .
The team dominated the second half and won the game 77 – 59 .
When the war began turning in favour of the Allies , the Commission was able to begin restoring its First World War cemeteries and memorials .
At 33 years old , Stevens became the second @-@ youngest head coach to make a NCAA National Championship game , losing 61 – 59 to Duke .
Such an object reappears most prominently in the centre panel of his 1973 Triptych , May – June 1973 , where it is clearly a dangling light bulb .
Within 24 hours of the interviews Stevens was named Butler 's new head coach .
Several islands sustained damage to farms , including the total loss of various fruit trees on Russell Island .
Spanish missionaries soon Christianized the city and incorporated Tondo under Manila and then built some of the oldest churches in the country , including San Agustin Church .
General Eisenhower stayed at The Convent , the official Governor 's residence , but his operational headquarters were in a small chamber in a tunnel in the heart of the Rock .
In 1960 there were only three primary schools in Bintulu .
Instead , the Intelligence reveals that it existed long enough that it can now control Simeon 's body , which it uses to attack Vastra and the Doctor .
Some of these teeth are so large , they are referred to as tusks .
Approximately one year later on June 29 , 2007 , Lesnar defended his IWGP Heavyweight Championship against TNA World Heavyweight Champion Kurt Angle in a champion versus champion match .
The Zrinski Battalion ( Croatian : [UNK] Zrinski ) was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard ( Zbor narodne garde – ZNG ) and later of the Croatian Army ( Hrvatska vojska – HV ) established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991 , during the Croatian War of Independence .
Audiences polled by the market research firm CinemaScore gave American Beauty a " B + " grade on average .
Lesnar claims that , as a result of his addiction and mental exhaustion , he does not remember " an entire two years " of his WWE career .
No. 20 Squadron was reactivated on 1 April 2015 to support airfield operations at RAAF Base Woomera , South Australia .
Typhoon Lupit formed on November 18 from the monsoon trough to the west of the Marshall Islands .
This was already a common technique in commercial , promotional photography but in Bacon 's hands , Schmied argues , the angle places the pope on a kind of stage for the viewer to coldly observe .
Nero 's friends also mistrusted Agrippina and told Nero to beware of his mother .
Podvodnik No. 18 ( the former German UB @-@ 8 ) .
Since then , Operation USA has become a highly acclaimed aid organization that is involved in helping people in different ways around the world .
UB @-@ 10 was eventually joined in the Flanders Flotilla by UB @-@ 2 , UB @-@ 4 , UB @-@ 5 , UB @-@ 6 , UB @-@ 12 , UB @-@ 13 , UB @-@ 16 , and UB @-@ 17 ; of these , only UB @-@ 2 made the journey to Flanders by sea rather than rail .
Other , more derived [UNK] , such as the [UNK] , were smaller and more terrestrial .
Fulford demonstrated the prominence of this work by mentioning that a high school in suburban Ottawa made imitating View of the World an assignment in its graphic arts class .
On June 18 , he pitched a complete game no @-@ hitter against the Colorado Rockies and struck out a career @-@ high 15 batters .
During this stretch , he allowed only two runs earned runs , lowering his ERA to 1 @.@ 91 .
Kirby 's Block Ball was published by Nintendo first in Japan in 1995 , later in Europe , and last in North America in 1996 .
The following round saw South Australia clinch a position in the finals , despite finishing the round in second position .
In 1952 , the congregation constructed a one @-@ story synagogue building on an almost 1 acre ( 0 @.@ 40 ha ) property at [UNK] Portland Street .
Amos was named as a substitute for all three matches of the tour , but did not play .
[UNK] takes advantage of this rearrangement as the key step in his synthesis of ( + ) [UNK] , a natural medicine classified by the NIH as possibly effective in the treatment of erectile dysfunction and the sexual problems caused by selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors .
Contemporary Indigenous art of the western desert began in 1971 when Indigenous men at Papunya created murals and canvases using western art materials , assisted by teacher Geoffrey Bardon .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 8 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 61 ) stands 2 @.@ 2 metres ( 7 @.@ 2 ft ) high ; it measures 1 @.@ 65 metres ( 5 @.@ 4 ft ) wide by 1 @.@ 6 metres ( 5 @.@ 2 ft ) deep and weighs 13 tons .
When exhibiting this work along with alternate versions and sketches , the University of Pennsylvania summarized the work as a " bird 's @-@ eye view of the city from Ninth Avenue in a straight line westward , with space becoming ever more condensed ... " They also described the work as a tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek view of the world .
[UNK] such as [UNK] and [UNK] that may have been at least partly terrestrial also have long neural spines on top of their vertebrae that would have stabilized the spine .
On June 26 , 2007 , Stone Sour released a special edition version of the album with six previously unreleased tracks and a bonus DVD .
The boats were to be about 28 metres ( 92 ft ) long and to displace about 125 tonnes ( 123 long tons ) with two bow torpedo tubes .
Although there were tensions between the younger leaders like Johnnie White and the older , traditional republicans such as Seán Keenan , both sides saw the unrest of 1968 @-@ 69 as a chance to advance republican aims , and the two shared the platform at the Easter Rising commemoration in April 1969 .
One of the earliest surviving works , The Song of the Wagons ( from around 750 ) , gives voice to the sufferings of a conscript soldier in the imperial army and a clear @-@ sighted consciousness of suffering .
This included about 180 casualties it suffered during the First Battle of Naktong Bulge the previous month .
The scene took four takes ; two by the second unit did not satisfy Mendes , so he shot the scene himself .
For example , a 2007 study places them even more basal than [UNK] , while a 2008 study keeps them as basal [UNK] .
Proximity fuze artillery fire decimated this group .
The National Museum of the Philippines Complex , which include the National Museum of Fine Arts , Museum of Anthropology and the Museum of Natural History , is located on the northeast part of Rizal Park facing Taft [UNK] proposed national government center during the American time .
In an attempt to appease the soldiers of the Praetorian Guard , Nerva had dismissed their prefect Titus Petronius Secundus — one of the chief conspirators against Domitian — and replaced him with a former commander , Casperius Aelianus .
An accompanying music video , designed to display the group 's comedic timing , was directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously worked with the group on two other music videos .
[UNK] , while critical of many of Mendes and Ball 's choices , admitted the film showed off their " the mordant and bright "2 .
The officers agreed that neither troops nor police would enter the [UNK] and [UNK] districts .
Manila has become the most competitive city in the Philippines by 2015 , making the city the best place for doing business and for living in .
The right hand [UNK] also appears incomplete ; the forward portion is marked with a sculpted line while the rear portion has been sculpted in relief , probably indicating that the right cheek and eye area were also unfinished .
In 746 , he moved to the capital in an attempt to resurrect his official career .
During editing , Mendes made several changes that gave the film a less cynical tone than the script .
Kirk Douglas .
This gunfire had lasted only two or three minutes when the A Company roadblock squads near the tanks received word by field telephone that the company was withdrawing to the original ridge positions and that they should do likewise .
After an hour on the ground , the helicopters left with the first 61 evacuees , including all American civilians and four heads of mission .
However , the surface albedo of the crater floor matches the lunar far @-@ side , suggesting that there is no exposed surface ice .
Central Australian artists frequently paint particular " dreamings " , or stories , for which they have responsibility or rights .
Evolution ( 2014 ) .
Most of what is known of Du Fu 's life comes from his poems .
Its erection was agreed with local political pressure .
and for a chain of n half @-@ sections .
Its size limited the possible crew to three , a driver in the hull and a gunner and commander in the turret , resulting in too few crew members to operate the Tetrarch effectively .
Conditions continued to worsen as the storm moved further north , and as the cyclone passed east of Minamitorishima , it was downgraded to tropical storm classification .
The first was broadcast during the 2012 Children in Need telethon on 16 November 2012 , titled " The Great Detective " .
Steel was also an obvious material for armor .
Chiral induction has been demonstrated with many other chiral ketones and ketones with chiral auxiliaries , including [UNK] and [UNK] .
The desire for change came from the ambition of Napoleon III to gain greater influence in Europe , which required a challenge to the British at sea .
It met its current alignment southeast of the city in Royalton .
the Chancery , Joint Administrative Office ( [UNK] ) building , Marine House , and the helicopter landing zone ( [UNK] ) .
The next day , the JTWC issued its final advisory after the circulation became exposed from the convection .
For example , for the pictured low @-@ pass half @-@ section , .
In both cases the British Army claimed that the men were attacking them with guns or bombs , while eyewitnesses insisted that both were unarmed .
Kershaw started the 2010 season by posting a 3 @.@ 07 ERA in April , but did so by walking 22 batters in 29 innings .
High rainfall of over 7 in ( 180 mm ) caused a dam operated by Tampa Electric Co. to break 3 mi ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) northeast of Tampa along the Hillsborough River .
A tropical disturbance persisted in the monsoon trough northwest of Pohnpei on June 7 , and moved westward without development due to wind shear .
However , the first battles using the new ironclad ships involved neither Britain nor France , and involved ships markedly different from the broadside @-@ firing , masted designs of Gloire and Warrior .
He praised the presence of the majority of the main cast members , also stating that Dick ’ s reaction to dealing with his brother was realistic for him and in character .
The first public library in Bintulu was built in 1971 by Bintulu District Council ( BDC ) .
Switching to wheelchair basketball , she made her debut with the national team at the Osaka Cup in February 2015 .
Intensification was rather rapid upon the storm 's reformation – the depression reached tropical storm status on August 20 and then typhoon intensity two days later .
Furthermore , the shadowed polar regions are believed to contain the frozen water necessary for human consumption and could also be harvested for fuel manufacture .
There were occasional attacks on the 9th Infantry 's forward positions , but to the men in the front lines this appeared to be only a standard patrol action .
The legislative arm which is composed of six elected city councilors , is headed by the Vice Mayor .
The Great Fire of Rome erupted on the night of 18 July to 19 July 64 .
The Tetrarch was chosen because it was an obsolete design , and was therefore available to be used by the airborne forces .
Only 53 % of the film 's rentals were from large outlets in the first week , compared with the usual 65 % .
It was written by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat and directed by Saul Metzstein .
Osbert was accused of murdering William , specifically by poisoning him through the communion chalice .
Lesnar 's next opponent was Big Show .
The game was also ported to the Sega Saturn and released exclusively in Japan alongside Castle of Illusion again as part of the Sega Ages series in 1998 , entitled Sega Ages : I Love Mickey Mouse .
Another species of [UNK] called [UNK] annectens is now thought to be even more closely related to lissamphibians .
All were 3 @.@ 15 metres ( 10 ft 4 in ) abeam and had a draft of 3 @.@ 03 metres ( 9 ft 11 in ) .
The 12 @-@ cylinder engine of the Tetrarch was fitted to the Mark VIII , although the increased weight meant that its maximum speed decreased to 30 miles per hour ( 48 km / h ) ; its armament also remained the same as that of the Tetrarch .
It debuted in Israel to " potent " returns , and limited releases in Germany , Italy , Austria , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Finland followed on January 21 .
However , these scenes are not on the DVD , as he changed his mind after recording the commentary ; Mendes felt that to show scenes he previously chose not to use would detract from the film 's integrity .
During Night of Champions , it was announced that Lesnar would face The Undertaker at the Hell in a Cell pay @-@ per @-@ view , where Lesnar defeated The Undertaker after a low blow and F @-@ 5 onto the exposed ring floor , ending their feud .
His list of " don 'ts " reinforced his three statements in " Imagism " , while warning that they should not be considered as dogma but as the " result of long contemplation " .
Satō [UNK] , a Japanese Navy admiral and military theorist , speculated that conflict would inevitably arise between Japan and at least one of its two main rivals .
Followed by multiple appearances at festivals in Europe .
They were not as heavily armored as the ocean @-@ going monitors of the Union , but they were adequate for their intended use .
In 55 , Agrippina attempted to intervene in favor of Octavia and demanded that her son dismiss [UNK] .
Smith said that Clara was different from her predecessor Amy Pond ( Karen Gillan ) , which allowed the audience to see a different side of the Doctor .
Head VI was first exhibited at the Hanover Gallery , London , in 1949 .
Since the genera can only be distinguished on the basis of their male flowers , the existence of intermediate flower types and the existence of hybrids between different genera has been used as an argument for keeping them all in the same genus .
The role of the battery was to assist unarmored mortar and gunboats bombarding shore fortifications .
Nerva 's father , finally , attained the consulship in 40 under emperor Caligula ( 37 – 41 ) .
With the signing of Danish goalkeeper Anders [UNK] , Manchester United allowed Amos to join Oldham Athletic on loan for the remainder of the season on 7 January 2011 , although he would continue to train with Manchester United once a week .
It has three major areas of operation : Crude Oil Operations , [UNK] Stabilisation , and Gas Sales Facilities .
Between December 1942 and March 1943 , No. 20 Squadron 's aircraft flew a total of 9 @,@ 629 hours and dropped 227 tons of bombs .
[UNK] was described by Hermann Karsten in 1857 , and [UNK] by Orator F. Cook in 1942 .
" Next Big Thing " by Jim Johnston ( June 10 , 2002 – March 14 , 2004 ; April 2 , 2012 – August 20 , 2012 ) .
Danube fleet of fifty boats , under the command of Frigate Captain [UNK] .
Tropical cyclones with maximum sustained winds between 65 miles per hour ( 105 km / h ) and 100 miles per hour ( 160 km / h ) can have their center of circulations obscured by cloudiness within visible and infrared satellite imagery , which makes diagnosis of their intensity a challenge .
Kouma placed his patrol on the west side of Agok near the [UNK] ferry .
While the cheerleaders perform their half @-@ time routine to " On Broadway " , Lester becomes increasingly fixated on Angela .
From his base in Tel Aviv , Holocaust survivor Emmanuel Lieber directs a group of Jewish Nazi hunters in search of Adolf Hitler .
At 0300 UTC on July 22 , Imbudo struck northern Luzon , with 1 minute winds estimated at 205 km / h ( 125 mph ) by the JTWC .
During the first refueling , a pipe burst on one of the helicopters , dousing soldiers in fuel and nearly forcing a return to the Guam ; problems with the helicopters ' navigation system also complicated the refueling rendezvous .
Three of the most eminent architects of their day , Sir Herbert Baker , Sir Reginald Blomfield , and Sir Edwin Lutyens were commissioned to design the cemeteries and memorials .
They were also allowed use or take anything they needed from the embassy ; the medic filled several bags with medical supplies to return to the ship .
Members of the Indian expatriate population have the option of worshiping at the large Hindu temple in the city , or at the Sikh [UNK] along United Nations Avenue .
Torres then " went all out on the first demo , hiring a full band that included a string orchestra " .
Vandals defaced the central memorial of the Étaples Military Cemetery in northern France with anti @-@ British and anti @-@ American graffiti on 20 March 2003 immediately after the beginning of the Iraq War .
They included the recommendation that the RUC should be ' ordinarily ' unarmed , and that the B @-@ Specials should be phased out and replaced by a new force .
The tank possessed a maximum of 14 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 55 in ) of armour .
Only those civilians with essential jobs were allowed to stay but it gave the entire community a sense of being ' British ' by sharing in the war effort .
The following table provides basic meteorological and impact information for each tropical cyclone from the 2003 Pacific typhoon season in tabular format ; unnamed tropical cyclones are not included .
3 : ( The Subliminal Verses ) , the third album by vocalist Taylor and guitarist James Root 's other band Slipknot , and that they were working on demoing the tracks before entering the studio .
Most members of the family [UNK] also have armor , although it only covers the midline of the back with two narrow rows of plates .
Kershaw did not make the initial NL roster for the 2015 All @-@ Star Game , though he was included on the Final Vote ballot , which he lost to Cardinals pitcher Carlos Martinez .
Nationwide , the high winds destroyed about 5 @,@ 000 houses and damaged 13 @,@ 000 homes and businesses , leaving 25 @,@ 000 people homeless .
The police drew their batons and struck marchers , including Stormont MP Eddie McAteer and Westminster MP Gerry [UNK] .
Lucius [UNK] Rufus , the governor of Germania Superior , was ordered to put down Vindex 's rebellion .
Richard Gale " Dick " [UNK] ( August 21 , 1926 – December 5 , 1994 ) was an American football player and a pioneering television broadcaster for the forerunner to [UNK] @-@ TV in Buffalo .
The series marks Bacon 's first attempt at depicting lone figures in rooms .
The win also tied a UFC record for most consecutive successful Heavyweight Championship defenses .
Once again at typhoon intensity , Krovanh clipped Hainan before moving over the Leizhou Peninsula on its way to a final landfall near Cẩm Phả , Vietnam on August 25 .
Bintulu also has one polyclinic , Polyclinic Bintulu .
During about 210 million years of evolutionary history , they adapted to a wide range of habitats , including fresh water , terrestrial , and even coastal marine environments .
He suggested to President Washington that someone be sent to England to negotiate with the British .
The North Koreans broke from the houses , running for the river .
Hed PE 's music is a fusion of styles ranging from hip hop , reggae , and ska to hard rock , punk , and heavy metal .
Then three fastballs either side .
Eddie arrives back at the hotel to learn that she has killed herself .
Three changeups away .
HMS Inflexible , launched in 1876 but not commissioned until 1881 , was the last British battleship to carry masts , and these were widely seen as a mistake .
In addition to commemorating Commonwealth military service members , the Commission maintains , under arrangement with applicable governments , over 40 @,@ 000 non @-@ Commonwealth war graves and over 25 @,@ 000 non @-@ war military and civilian graves .
As long as I have that , I don 't give a damn what anybody else thinks .
There , A Company went into position along the road ; on its left was C Company of the Engineer battalion , and beyond C Company was the 2nd Division Reconnaissance Company .
A popular theory was insufficient technical maintenance leading to jamming aircraft controls .
The headdress is complex , with the horizontal basal band being formed by four horizontal cords , with diagonal folds above each eye .
New ships were increasingly constructed to a standard pattern and designated battleships or armored cruisers .
All three regiments of the NK 2nd Division @-@ the 4th , 17th , and 6th , in line from north to south @-@ crossed during the night to the east side of the Naktong River into the 23rd Regiment sector .
Despite the story 's lack of an easily marketable concept , [UNK] selected American Beauty because he felt it was the one for which Ball had the most passion .
He became just the sixth pitcher in history to finish in the top two in voting three seasons in a row .
Gnaeus was thus the grandson of Gnaeus Domitius [UNK] ( consul 32 BC ) and probably [UNK] [UNK] on his father 's side , and the grandson of Mark Antony and Octavia Minor on his mother 's side .
SM U @-@ 15 ( Austria @-@ Hungary ) .
Eddie realizes that Charlie held out his percentage and becomes enraged , believing that with that money he could have rebounded to beat Fats .
In 1991 [UNK] delivered aid to Bangladesh .
A replica of San Lorenzo Head 8 is located in the International Museum of Art & Science .
Through his friendship with Laurence Binyon , Pound had already developed an interest in Japanese art by examining [UNK] @-@ e prints at the British Museum , and he quickly became absorbed in the study of related Japanese verse forms .
Likewise , Matt Collar from Allmusic noted that the track is " frenetically hyper " .
Dominic Cavendish of The Daily Telegraph gave " The Snowmen " three out of five stars , disappointed that it was not as scary as it had been hyped to be .
In addition , " Kiss You " received gold certifications from the IFPI Norway and Denmark associations , signifying collective shipments of 20 @,@ 000 units .
After his successful amateur wrestling career at Bismarck State College and the University of Minnesota ( 106 wins and 5 losses ) , Lesnar signed with WWE ( then the World Wrestling Federation ) in 2000 .
The Rock was to be heavily dive bombed by planes leaving France but landing afterward at Spanish air bases .
He had a guest @-@ starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000 .
Two were later added , which are Santa Mesa ( partitioned off from [UNK] ) and San Andres ( partitioned off from Santa Ana ) .
On May 29 , he pitched the second complete @-@ game shutout of his career , striking out 10 while winning a two @-@ hitter against the Florida Marlins , 8 – 0 ; he also had two singles and an RBI , scoring twice in the game .
The work presents what View of the World might look like if one had relied upon the September 2012 version of Apple Maps to locate various landmarks .
The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2007 season .
The screen could be collapsed by using a small explosive charge once the tank reached land .
Clara chooses the word " Pond " , which shocks the Doctor and arouses his interest .
When further complaints arose that the poor were being overly taxed , Nero attempted to repeal all indirect taxes .
He picked up his 200th strikeout of the season on September 2 , the fifth year in a row he had reached that number , trailing only the six seasons in a row for Sandy Koufax among Dodger starters .
In 2009 , drummer Trauma joined the band .
Each of the boilers consumed a mixture of coal and oil and the ships had a stowage capacity of 4 @,@ 607 long tons ( 4 @,@ 681 t ) of coal and 1 @,@ 411 long tons ( 30 @,@ 000 or 34 @,@ 000 kW )0 of fuel oil , which gave them a range of 9 @,@ 680 nautical miles ( 30 @,@ 000 or 34 @,@ 000 kW )1 at a speed of 14 knots ( 30 @,@ 000 or 34 @,@ 000 kW )2 .
North Koreans had also approached Yongsan from the south .
Daylight of the second day disclosed many North Korean dead on the steep slopes outside the perimeter .
Instead of making an overt distinction , American Beauty looks at how their repression can lead to violence .
" Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released as the third single .
The weather was hot and ammunition , food and supplies were nearly completely exhausted .
A station there reported a pressure of 27 @.@ 98 inHg ( 948 mb ) during a 40 minute period of the eye 's passage ; this suggested a landfall strength of 125 mph ( 201 km / h ) .
Napoléon was armed as a conventional ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line , but her steam engines could give her a speed of 12 knots ( 22 km / h ) , regardless of the wind conditions : a potentially decisive advantage in a naval engagement .
The Royal Navy was the second to adopt ironclad warships , and it applied them worldwide in their whole range of roles .
Kershaw pitched 18 innings during his second trip to Jacksonville ( two starts and one seven inning relief appearance ) , winning two games .
In May 1996 , the National Gallery took on loan Velázquez 's Innocent X portrait and hung it alongside four Bacon paintings ; Head VI , Pope I ( 1951 ) , Pope 1961 and Pope 1965 .
The [UNK] is only visible on the right hand side ; it is formed of a plain disc and peg .
Butler beat Siena 70 – 53 and Stevens tied the NCAA record for most wins ( 81 ) by a head coach in his first three seasons set by Mark Few of Gonzaga in 2002 and tied by Mark Fox of Nevada in 2007 .
At this point , the Lockport – Pendleton town line turns south to follow NY 78 , leaving NY 93 fully within the town of Lockport as it runs eastward past another stretch of homes .
In Chisholm , Hugh .
Off the field , Kershaw is an active participant in volunteer work .
Many N @-@ [UNK] are used today , each with slightly different properties and reactivity .
In April , Typhoon Kujira became one of the longest @-@ lasting Pacific typhoons in history and attained climatological records for its unusually early impacts .
However , for a mid @-@ series section ( that is , a section from halfway through a series element to halfway through the next series element ) will have the same image impedance on both ports due to symmetry .
The rivalry then came to an end after The Undertaker chose to focus on Mr. McMahon .
Indeed the truth about this has not come out even yet ; for so far as the rest of his subjects were concerned , there was nothing to prevent his continuing to be Emperor for all time , seeing that even now everybody wishes he were still alive .
A movie poster was released in the Radio Times , showing the Doctor and Clara ascending the ladder to the TARDIS .
Chiral [UNK] proved useful in the syntheses of complex natural product , such as taxol which is marketed as a chemotherapy agent .
Some of the A Company men reported they heard noises on the opposite side of the river and splashes in the water .
Lesnar refused and faced Big Show in Madison Square Garden at the Survivor Series pay @-@ per @-@ view .
Because Logan thinks Piz posted the tape , he attacks Piz and hits him incessantly .
" Obviously , he has great rapport and communication ability with his team . " Yahoo ! Sports compared Stevens to legendary coach John Wooden writing " Brad Stevens is winning at Butler the Wooden way – calm and composed on the sideline . " Wooden agreed , saying , " I enjoy watching [ Stevens ] and very much enjoy [ Butler 's ] style of play . " .
Of the event 's 85 competitors , [UNK] finished in 64th place .
During his main @-@ event match against Reigns , Lesnar delivered multiple suplexes and was heard exclaiming , " Suplex City , bitch ! " , and thereafter " Suplex City " became one of his signature catchphrases and merchandise motifs .
As of July 2016 , Lesnar 's eldest son , Brock Jr. is ranked # 1 in Saskatchewan and # 4 in all of Canada in amateur wrestling .
The CWGC 's work is funded predominantly by grants from the governments of the six member states .
Slammy Awards ( 5 times ) .
On 30 December , violence escalated " an order of magnitude " as militants entered Mogadishu , which was quickly enveloped by a general state of lawlessness .
It now provides the supply and delivery of potable water and sewerage system in Manila , but it does not provide service to the southeastern part of the city which belongs to the east zone that is served by Manila Water .
Gen. Gazan 's division ( about 6 @,@ 000 men ) took the lead ; Mortier was with them .
They carried twelve to eighteen 6th Year Type torpedoes which had a 200 @-@ kilogram ( 440 lb ) warhead .
Glassman doubted the validity of A. [UNK] as a species , and described four new species from material that had previously been attributed to A. [UNK] — A. [UNK] , A. [UNK] , A. [UNK] and A. [UNK] .
Its planned return to Japan was delayed by attacks by the American Third Fleet on targets in Indochina and southern China that sank two oil tankers that were intended to refuel the division .
UFC President Dana White said Lesnar had been ill for three weeks , claiming he had never been this sick in his life and that it would take him a while to recover ; his fight with Carwin was rescheduled for UFC 108 on January 2 , 2010 .
Under these conditions , the estimated rate of loss from any ice in the interior would be 10 − 26 to 10 − 27 m / s .
Ironclads were also used from the inception of the Imperial Japanese Navy .
Etau made landfall on the Japanese island of Shikoku on August 8 , and later moved across portions of Honshu and Hokkaido .
Newman believed the score helped move the film along without disturbing the " moral ambiguity " of the script : " It was a real delicate balancing act in terms of what music worked to preserve [ that ] . " .
In its first week of rental release , American Beauty made $ 6 @.@ 8 million .
The locations were blocked off and sprayed with fake snow .
Outside of Warren Corners , the route heads across rural areas along the Cambria – Lockport town line .
Coleman described her as resourceful and not intimidated , citing the reason for following the Doctor at the beginning as pursuing answers .
The JTWC would follow suit by classifying the storm as such at 1800 UTC later that day .
Tiridates retreated and Rome again controlled most of Armenia .
Kouma 's patrol was then ambushed by a group of North Koreans dressed in US military uniforms .
Both games involved teams meeting for the first time during the season ; make @-@ up games were scheduled at the start of the return series between the teams , and this resulted in two four @-@ game series .
However , the airstrip was heavily bombed by Allied forces .
Temnospondyli ( from Greek [UNK] ( [UNK] , " to cut " ) and [UNK] ( [UNK] , " vertebra " ) ) is a diverse subclass of extinct small to giant tetrapods — often considered primitive amphibians — that flourished worldwide during the Carboniferous , Permian , and Triassic periods .
Some of the natural variations in topography have been evened out due to the urbanization of the city .
The Commission is currently responsible for the care of war dead at over 23 @,@ 000 separate burial sites and the maintenance of more than 200 memorials worldwide .
[UNK] [UNK] is the oldest species , having been present over 330 million years ago during the [UNK] stage of the Early Carboniferous .
The incident occurred after both teams were given a warning following Giants ace Tim Lincecum hitting Matt Kemp earlier in the game .
Other locations in Japan experienced considerable agricultural damage as well as numerous landslides .
When all its officers became casualties , First Lieutenant Ralph R. Robinson , adjutant of the 2nd Battalion , assumed command of the company .
It is a Breakout clone ; the player controls paddles along the screen 's edge to knock a bouncing ball , Kirby , into destructible bricks .
The scale , and associated high number of casualties , of the war produced an entirely new attitude towards the commemoration of war dead .
In April 2012 , Lesnar once again returned to professional wrestling , rejoining WWE after an eight @-@ year hiatus .
The son of a minor scholar @-@ official , his youth was spent on the standard education of a future civil servant : study and memorisation of the Confucian classics of philosophy , history and poetry .
The game was also criticized for its lack of difficulty overall as well as its lack of speech samples , which several other Genesis games of the time had .
His are free translations , which seek to conceal the [UNK] through [UNK] and expansion and contraction of the content ; his responses to the allusions are firstly to omit most of these poems from his selection , and secondly to " translate out " the references in those works which he does select .
The eyes of the monument are closed , the nose is flattened and lacks nostrils and the mouth was not sculpted in a realistic manner .
Before they engaged , however , British troops were deployed at the scene , carrying automatic rifles and sub @-@ machine guns .
While passing northeast of the Philippines , the typhoon caused light damage in the archipelago .
The securities he purchased were paper that had been given to Continental Army soldiers in lieu of pay , which they often sold at a steep discount .
Lucius Domitius [UNK] , Nero , was born on 15 December 37 in [UNK] ( modern Anzio and Nettuno ) , near Rome .
Inside Fights .
Each stage ends in a boss fight .
In the second section , a ghost , representing the poets of the past stuck between worlds , begins talking to the narrator of the poem .
Two roads ran through the regimental sector from the Naktong River to Changnyong .
He claimed that he would radio soldiers to shoot down the helicopters if the operation continued .
Allmusic 's Jason D. Taylor wrote : " Broke may have not found as much success in the competitive mainstream market as some would have liked , and even despite its distinct departure from the group 's debut , it is an album that shows more vision than other rap @-@ tinged rock albums to come out in 2000 . " The most negative response to the album came from critics who viewed its lyrics as misogynistic .
It was found a few metres to the west of Monument 2 and has been moved to the Parque @-@ Museo La Venta .
Manila Bulletin , the Philippines ' largest broadsheet newspaper by circulation , is headquartered inside Intramuros .
Carolyn drives through the rain , rehearsing a confession to Lester .
Moffat had noticed that the TARDIS ' design was getting " progressively whimsical " and resembled more of a " magical place " rather than a machine .
The genus has a complicated taxonomic history , and has often been split into four or five genera based on differences in the male flowers .
It is not surprising that Seneca ( c . 4 BC – 65 ) , Nero 's teacher and advisor , writes very well of Nero .
By this time her health had deteriorated .
In 49 AD , Claudius married a fourth time , to Nero 's mother Agrippina , despite her being his niece .
Gun attacks on the British Army increased .
Amos was born in Macclesfield , Cheshire and was a member of the Crewe Alexandra academy until he was released at the age of 10 .
In Struma Military Cemetery , in Greece , to avoid risk of earthquake damage , small headstones are laid flat on the ground .
The head is badly damaged due to an unfinished reworking process .
Without word from his daughter , Ezra resigns from his job and attempts to seek her out and finds a poor motherless child , Marie .
The Second Doctor previously encountered the Great Intelligence in the serials The Abominable Snowmen ( 1967 ) , set in the 1930s , and The Web of Fear ( 1968 ) , set in the 1960s .
Afterwards Linfa began reintensifying and reached its peak intensity on May 29 with maximum sustained winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) and a barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 94 inHg ) .
Although it was documented by archaeologists , it remained for some time in its place of discovery before being moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
One extreme on each issue is represented by Kenneth Rexroth 's One Hundred Poems From the Chinese .
The oil depot has been a subject of various concerns , including its environmental and health impact to the residents of Manila .
Arriving at Fats ' home pool hall , Eddie declares he will win $ 10 @,@ 000 that night .
Kershaw made his playoff starting debut against the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2009 National League Division Series ( NLDS ) .
Six soldiers were wounded in the first day after internment , and shortly afterwards a soldier was killed — the first to be killed by either IRA in Derry .
Devised by President Franklin Roosevelt and Churchill and code named Operation Torch , the plan was to occupy French North Africa : Morocco , Algeria , and Tunisia .
The following week , during The Miz 's [UNK] talk show , Raw Managing Supervisor Vickie Guerrero revealed herself as the one who signed Lesnar to a new contract to impress McMahon .
There , it delivered an overlay of Task Force Haynes ' positions to Bradley .
By 22 : 15 this strike intensified and North Korean mortar preparation struck A Company 's positions .
This was heard on his twelfth studio album , Poquita Ropa .
It was a traditional Conservative synagogue , and from that time until the 1990s it was the only synagogue in Eugene .
He placed the 2nd Battalion in a reserve position 8 miles ( 13 km ) behind the 1st Battalion and in a position where it commanded the road net in the regimental sector .
Little information is available about the Type UB I boats operating in the Baltic .
Monument 1 is the best preserved head at La Venta but has suffered from erosion , particularly at the back .
The Warrior 's Armstrong guns also had the virtue of being lighter than an equivalent smoothbore and , because of their rifling , more accurate .
On October 4 , Kershaw became the 11th player in Major League history to strike out 300 batters in a season , the first player since Randy Johnson did it in 2002 .
<formula> .
Little remains , partly because the Via dei [UNK] [UNK] cuts across it .
It was only necessary to add more filter sections until the desired response was obtained .
He was also a finalist for the Skip Prosser Man of the Year Award , which was won by Bob Marlin .
Using fossil evidence , there are three main theories for the origin of modern amphibians .
= National record .
He also went hand @-@ held for the excerpts of Ricky 's camcorder footage .
Recent studies place a family of [UNK] called the [UNK] as the closest relatives of modern amphibians .
When Lester fantasizes about Angela in a rose @-@ petal bath , the steam was real , save for in the overhead shot .
Its proximity to the equator means that the temperature range is very small , rarely going below 20 ° C ( 68 ° F ) or above 38 ° C ( 100 ° F ) .
He commented on the inherent difficulties in portraying a physician on television : " Playing a doctor is a strange experience . Pretending you know what you 're talking about when you don 't is very bizarre but there are advisers on set who are fantastic at taking you through procedures and giving you the confidence to stand there and look like you know what you 're doing . " Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris [UNK] .
The San Agustín Church in Intramuros is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is one of the two fully air @-@ conditioned Catholic churches in the city .
The City University of Hong Kong revised their forecasts on June 24 , 2003 , indicating a slight increase of total tropical cyclones to 30 .
The Commission believes that graffiti and damage to stonework are usually the pursuits partaken by young people , noting the number of incidents increases when schoolchildren are on school holidays .
In late 1991 , personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up another special forces unit of the HV — the Matija [UNK] Battalion based in Opatija .
It also decided that the barbette armour of the earlier ships was too thin and wanted a modest increase in speed to partially counter the higher speeds of the latest foreign ships like the British Queen Elizabeth @-@ class battleships and Russian Borodino @-@ class battlecruisers .
The Treasure Coast region received the most extensive destruction , and Stuart , Jupiter , and Fort Pierce were heavily damaged .
The five reel film was released through the Pathé Exchange as a Pathé Gold Rooster Play on October 7 , 1917 .
On May 19 at the pay @-@ per @-@ view , after interference from Heyman , he defeated Triple H and ended their feud .
She started for the Sydney University Flames in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2013 .
Later , Heyman was confirmed to be Lesnar 's agent and gave Lesnar the nickname " The Next Big Thing " .
Stevens was not so sure , privately telling his father , " We have a really good team , and I ’ m not sure how far we can go this year , but next year , we ought to go really far . " .
He believed the problems with the poem lay with his own inability to write , and that , precipitated by air raids on London , he had started the poem with too little preparation and had written it too quickly .
Commenting on the controversy the book generated , Steiner admitted to literary journalist and critic Ron Rosenbaum ( author of Explaining Hitler ) that he too was disturbed by it , adding that his fictional Hitler had gotten the better of him , " [UNK] or Frankenstein @-@ like " .
Mendes said , " I wanted that not just because it was funny [ ... ] but because I didn 't want it to seem rehearsed . I wanted it to seem like he was blurting it out of his mouth without thinking . [ Spacey ] is so in control — I wanted him to break through . " Spacey obliged , eventually coming up with 35 phrases , but Bening could not always keep a straight face , which meant the scene had to be shot 10 times .
Breakthrough Fighter of the Year ( 2009 ) .
Upon drafting a new charter for Manila in June 1901 , the Americans made official what had long been tacit : that the City of Manila was not Intramuros alone but also all its [UNK] .
Originally from England , he was a graduate of University of London and Oxford University , and was ordained at the Hebrew Theological Seminary .
The turbines were replaced by four geared Kampon turbines with a designed output of 80 @,@ 000 shp ( 60 @,@ 000 kW ) intended to increase their speed to 24 @.@ 5 knots ( 45 @.@ 4 km / h ; 28 @.@ 2 mph ) .
Ford was included at least partly because of his strong influence on Pound , as the younger poet made the transition from his earlier , Pre @-@ Raphaelite @-@ influenced style towards a harder , more modern way of writing .
He was one of a number of Mercians who were appointed to Canterbury during the 730s and 740s .
An eastward @-@ moving trough turned the storm to the northeast , bringing the track over Okinawa and Amami Ōshima on September 19 .
Some of the Olmecs ' rulers seem to have served religious functions .
The match ended in a double disqualification resulting in Lesnar retaining the title .
The boats were about 28 metres ( 92 ft ) long and displaced 127 tonnes ( 125 long tons ) when surfaced and 142 tonnes ( 140 long tons ) while submerged .
Come What ( ever ) May is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Stone Sour .
George Hamilton assisted with relief to The Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013 as did Barbra Streisand , Rosario Dawson , Jackson Browne , Bill Maher and Judd Apatow .
Ball said he had to write it for his own benefit to know what happened to Col. Fitts , though all that remained in later drafts was subtext .
The Parthian king Vologases I refused to remove his brother Tiridates from Armenia .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 7 was reworked from a monumental throne ; it was discovered by a joint archaeological project by the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia and Yale University , as a result of a magnetometer survey .
Head I ( actually begun in the winter of 1948 ) and Head II show formless pieces of flesh that broadly resemble human heads ; they have half @-@ open eyes and a pharynx , though it is positioned much higher than would be expected in a human .
Standard Chinese is also spoken by ethnic Chinese in Bintulu .
Kershaw grew up in Dallas , Texas and attended school with quarterback Matthew Stafford and fellow pitchers Jordan Walden and Shawn Tolleson .
However , Maemi was the strongest tropical cyclone of the season and was the costliest with roughly US $ 4 @.@ 8 billion in damage , mostly in South Korea .
On 10 March 1941 , with Operation Barbarossa looming , Felix was amended to Operation Felix @-@ Heinrich , whereby German troops would be withdrawn from the USSR to capture Gibraltar .
At Fastlane , Lesnar dominated most of the match before he was put through two announce tables by Ambrose and Reigns ; he would ultimately lose the match after Reigns pinned Ambrose .
The Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) began to re @-@ arm and recruit after August 1969 .
Sparse or incomplete collections make it difficult to differentiate variation within a single species from variation between different species .
The Soviet military utilised a greater number of light tanks than the British , and so could use the Tetrarchs .
Leila Frost as Mary .
UB @-@ 8 was transferred to the Bulgarian Navy in May 1916 , and UB @-@ 7 disappeared in the Black Sea in October 1916 , leaving UB @-@ 14 as the sole remaining German Type UB I in the flotilla ; she was surrendered at Sevastopol in November 1918 to French armies stationed there during the Russian Civil War .
After dark on August 31 , First Lieutenant Charles I. Caldwell of D Company and First Lieutenant Edward Schmitt of H Company , 9th Infantry , moved their men and weapons to the base of Hill 209 , which was within B Company 's defense sector and overlooked the [UNK] ferry crossing of the Naktong River .
The book also included work by F.S. Flint , [UNK] Cannell , Amy Lowell , William Carlos Williams , James Joyce , Ford Madox Ford , Allen Upward and John [UNK] Michelson was also another included in the important 1963 anthology by William Pratt The Imagist Poem Modern Poetry in miniature .
Though Nero faltered in his racing ( in one case , dropping out entirely before the end ) and acting competitions , he won these crowns nevertheless and paraded them when he returned to Rome .
The album also charted on Spain , reaching number 76 .
Once Ezra becomes broke he finds employment as the valet for Jack [UNK] .
At the end of 66 , conflict broke out between Greeks and Jews in Jerusalem and Caesarea .
In the postseason , Stevens coached Butler to the first Final Four in school history .
A replica of San Lorenzo Head 1 created by Ignacio Perez Solano was placed in San Francisco City College , Ocean Campus in October 2004 .
NY 31B was assigned c .
His father , Christopher George Kershaw , was a musician and won a Clio Award for his work .
On February 2 , 2008 , Lesnar made his debut with the promotion in an event titled UFC 81 : Breaking Point against former UFC Heavyweight Champion , Frank Mir .
The 6th District ( 2007 population : 295 @,@ 245 ) covers Paco ( Zone 90 only ) , [UNK] , San Miguel , Santa Ana and Santa Mesa .
Manila was also the site of the bloodiest battle in the Pacific theater during the Second World War .
The unostentatious Gerry and Republican partisans criticized Gore for his lavish lifestyle , including his palatial Waltham residence and pompous activities he organized as governor , and highlighted his Loyalist family connections while emphasizing Gerry 's unimpeachable patriotism .
A few hours later while continuing to the northwest , it made another landfall near Rosewood — a ghost town in Levy County , east of Cedar Key — with winds of about 65 mph ( 105 km / h ) .
Nevertheless , even Gibbon notes that , compared to his successors , Nerva may have lacked the necessary qualifications for a successful reign : .
A short distance downstream , each night they placed a pontoon bridge across the river and took it up before dawn the next morning .
After weakening to tropical storm status , the cyclone became extratropical on August 9 and dissipated three days later .
Residential properties has shown a 20 % price increase from 2011 to 2013 .
High winds and rainfall left [UNK] million ( PHP , $ 6 @.@ 4 million USD ) in damage .
Both Cassius Dio and Aurelius Victor emphasize his wisdom and moderation , with Dio commending his decision to adopt Trajan as his heir .
Multiple turnbuckle thrusts .
The wood played two roles , preventing spalling and also preventing the shock of a hit damaging the structure of the ship .
He then brutally beat Angle while McMahon watched , and celebrated with him afterwards , turning heel in the process .
Throughout August , the NK 6th Division , and later the NK 7th Division engaged the US 25th Infantry Division at the Battle of Masan , initially repelling a UN counteroffensive before countering with battles at Komam @-@ ni and Battle Mountain .
The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean , north of the equator and west of the International Date Line .
Northern Europe Area , headed by a director and responsible for Austria , Belgium , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Germany , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Norway , Poland and Sweden .
Although it is well @-@ regarded critically , Head II is seen as something of a creative cul @-@ de @-@ sac , while Heads III , IV and V are usually considered as merely intermediate steps towards Head VI .
Despite its proximity to the embassy , an armed convoy was needed to evacuate persons trapped there by the unrest .
The bonus was the largest to any Dodgers draft pick at the time , and was eventually topped by Zach Lee in the 2010 draft .
Two CH @-@ 53E Super Stallions carrying a 60 @-@ man security detail — 51 Marines and nine Navy SEALs — departed Guam at 02 : 47 , 466 nautical miles ( 863 km ; 536 mi ) from the embassy , and were expected to arrive at 06 : 20 .
The [UNK] Oil Depot houses the storage facilities and distribution terminals of the three major players in the country 's petroleum industry , namely Caltex Philippines , Pilipinas Shell and [UNK] Corporation .
On the Japanese island of [UNK] , rainfall totaled 197 mm ( 7 @.@ 8 in ) , which broke the hourly and daily record for the station in November .
The music video for the song was filmed during Arjona 's concerts at Vélez Stadium in Buenos Aires , Argentina during his Metamorfosis World Tour .
American Beauty was filmed on soundstages at the Warner Bros. backlot in Burbank , California , and at Hancock Park and Brentwood in Los Angeles .
On December 4 , 2010 , Kershaw married his girlfriend of seven years , Ellen Melson .
The ten different block types vary in durability and points value .
The Doctor reluctantly allows her to go and ascends a staircase to the sky to return to the TARDIS .
The offering is believed to have been deposited long after the head was sculpted .
The head was discovered by a local farmworker and was excavated in 1965 by Luis [UNK] and Román [UNK] Chan .
In addition to the three prequel mini @-@ episodes , the cast also filmed an additional promotional video , " [UNK] Carols , " which the BBC uploaded during the days leading up to the broadcast .
The removal of the secondary armament , the rear turrets and their supporting structures was generally compensated by the addition of the flight deck , hangar , AA guns and more fuel , and the metacentric height increased [UNK] metres ( 9 @.@ 1 in ) to 2 @.@ 81 metres ( 9 ft 3 in ) at full load as a result of the reduction in the displacement by over 2 @,@ 000 tonnes ( 2 @,@ 000 long tons ) to 40 @,@ 444 tonnes ( 39 @,@ 805 long tons ) .
The Commission handed over the first six volumes to the Dean of Westminster on 21 February 1956 ; the final volume was added to the showcase in 1958 .
After the armistice of Cassibile ( 8 September ) , the German @-@ allied Italian Social Republic launched at least two raids on Gibraltar : one on the night of 4 – 5 June 1944 with ten [UNK] aircraft and another on 6 June with nine aircraft .
Stevens spends a lot of time preparing for each game , and always tries to add a few new wrinkles specific to that game 's opponent .
As part of this mission , the North Korean units would first cut the supply lines to Taegu .
He was the youngest of their three sons to survive to adulthood .
Butler 's 30 – 4 record was the best among teams that did not reach the Final Four .
Before the morning of 1 September had passed , reports coming in to US 2nd Division headquarters made it clear that North Koreans had penetrated to the north @-@ south Changnyong @-@ Yongsan road and cut the division in two ; the 38th and 23d Infantry Regiments with the bulk of the division artillery in the north were separated from the division headquarters and the 9th Infantry Regiment in the south .
Ms. [UNK] is a museum ship at Den Helder .
In order to gain his revenge on Big Show and Heyman , Lesnar interfered in his first title defense , which came against Kurt Angle the next month at Armageddon .
Kinberg attempted to revive the Biblical concept of the " ger [UNK] " in his approach to intermarriage .
Midway through Stevens ' first season , with the Bulldogs at 12 – 1 , The New York Times wrote " so far , Stevens has made the transition [ to head coach ] look easy . " The Times went on to state that Stevens had the calm and composure of a seasoned veteran .
He collects his $ 3 @,@ 000 share and decides to walk back to the hotel .
Systems with small eyes near the limb , or edge , of a satellite image can be biased too weakly using the technique , which can be resolved through use of polar @-@ orbiting satellite imagery .
The next week on Raw , Paul Heyman made his return as Lesnar 's legal representative and claimed that Lesnar was quitting WWE .
Several species are oil palms , with A. speciosa among the most important economically .
The same month , the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina , where it pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of the town of Hrvatska Kostajnica .
This heavy night and day battle cost the NK 2nd Division most of its remaining offensive strength .
The vandals were all members of an evangelical church and appeared to have been carrying out a supposed pre @-@ Columbian ritual , during which salts , grape juice and oil were thrown on the heads .
Upon commissioning , the sister ships were assigned to the 1st Battleship Division of the 1st Fleet .
As of 31 December 2014 , it generated a total revenue of RM 552 @.@ 3 million per year .
Gore himself was elected to its board in 1785 , when he also became a shareholder .
With his communications broken southward to the 2nd Infantry Division headquarters and the 9th Infantry , Haynes during the day decided to send a tank patrol down the Yongsan road in an effort to re @-@ establish communication .
Match of the Year ( 2015 ) – vs The Undertaker at Hell in a Cell .
Half of the attackers were later identified from press photographs as members of the B @-@ Specials .
[UNK] is also the Hebrew word used to indicate that " there are issues here beyond our wisdom to answer or decide . " .
Clayton Edward Kershaw ( born March 19 , 1988 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Manila celebrates civic and national holidays .
SM UB @-@ 4 .
Nero 's rule is often associated with tyranny and extravagance .
Jaeger also named [UNK] giganteus in 1828 , basing it on partial occiput , or back portion of the skull .
In the early 1940s , NY 93 was altered to follow North Ridge Road , U.S. Route 104 ( now NY 104 ) , and Junction Road between North Ridge and Lower Mountain Road .
Keith and Vinnie debate on Piz ’ s radio show , and Vinnie gathers some support about his lax underage drinking policy .
The Kōtetsu ( Japanese : [UNK] , literally " Ironclad " , later renamed Azuma [UNK] , " East " ) had a decisive role in the Naval Battle of Hakodate Bay in May 1869 , which marked the end of the Boshin War , and the complete establishment of the Meiji Restoration .
Rookie of the Year ( 2008 ) .
With Torres ' return to producing Arjona regained the classic , trademark sound which Torres helped develop since 2005 .
Stevens was given a one @-@ year contract extension at the conclusion of the season .
It varied from the 2009 Claxton Shield by expanding the season to include ten rounds .
However , he was added to the roster to replace Nationals pitcher Max Scherzer , who was unavailable due to pitching the Sunday before the game .
There were several circulations in the region , with Tropical Storm [UNK] to the northeast near Taiwan , and the overall system moved generally westward .
Royal Dutch Shell started to establish the world 's first Shell Middle [UNK] Synthesis plant ( Shell MDS ) in 1993 .
He was defeated by Velasquez for the title by TKO in the first round .
Arjona commented that " this video recreates the battle on the couple when someone starts to talk ' is the beginning of the end ' " .
However , with World War I as a backdrop , the times were not easy for avant @-@ garde literary movements ( Aldington , for example , spent much of the war at the front ) , and the 1917 anthology effectively marked the end of the Imagists as a movement .
Upon his recall , Schmitt was appointed Chief of the Quartermaster General Staff of the Coalition Army .
Services were lay @-@ led for decades .
This philosophy was more attractive to rioters , and some of them joined the Provisional IRA .
However , in response to indications from Ambassador Bishop that conditions in Mogadishu were deteriorating , planners considered 1 @,@ 050 @-@ nautical @-@ mile ( 1 @,@ 940 km ; 1 @,@ 210 mi ) and , later , 890 @-@ nautical @-@ mile ( 1 @,@ 650 km ; 1 @,@ 020 mi ) flights with the CH @-@ [UNK] while the ships were still located in the northern Arabian Sea .
At first , Nero only performed for a private audience .
The US airing was seen by 1 @.@ 43 million viewers , with a 0 @.@ 6 rating in the demographic of adults aged 18 – 49 .
Cena then delivered the Attitude Adjustment to Lesnar onto steel steps and Lesnar lost the match .
Hayward narrowly missed a desperation half @-@ court shot court as time expired , making the final margin 61 – 59 .
The work is being carried out by The War Graves Photographic Project in conjunction with the CWGC .
Among the local government units , Manila has the highest budget allocation to health .
The first of these appeared in 1915 , planned and assembled mainly by H.D. and Aldington .
Mediterranean Area headed by a director and responsible for Albania , Algeria , Azerbaijan , Azores , Bahrain , Canary Islands , Croatia , Cyprus , Egypt , Gibraltar , Greece , Israel and Palestine , Italy , Jordan , Lebanon , Libya , Macedonia , Madeira , Malta , Mauritania , Morocco , Oman , Portugal , San Marino , Saudi Arabia , Serbia , Spain , Syria , Tunisia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates and Yemen .
In January 2010 , Lesnar announced on ESPN 's SportsCenter that he was scheduled to make a return to the UFC in the summer .
Realizing he had been duped and that Gazan 's troops were tiring rapidly , Mortier sent orders to Dupont 's division to hurry forward .
[UNK] and the [UNK] [UNK] were also neotenic because they retained gills , but they are only known from adult specimens .
The convection was disorganized in association with multiple circulation centers , although it gradually organized .
Despite [UNK] 's continuous assault in the next two to three hours , Mortier and Gazan pushed the Russians back up the narrow fissure in the hillside .
Lesnar continued to aggressively pursue the WWE title despite his friendship with Angle .
The lyrical content regards the protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other , and incorporates euphemisms for sexual intercourse in the lines " If you don ’ t wanna take it slow / And you just wanna take me home / Baby say yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . " .
Members of the military were said to have mixed feelings , as they had allegiance to Nero , but were bribed to overthrow him .
Continuously illuminated mountains have been termed peaks of eternal light and have been predicted to exist since the 1900s .
Ezra is enraged upon learning that his own daughter was mistreated by Jack , but Mary steps between the two men .
The names [UNK] and Labyrinthodontia were used interchangeably to refer to the order in which it belonged .
These clubs were involved in the formation of [UNK] in 1967 .
Nonetheless , these lost primary sources were the basis of surviving secondary and tertiary histories on Nero written by the next generations of historians .
While near peak intensity , the center of Dujuan passed about 45 km ( 30 mi ) south of the southern tip of Taiwan .
Tacitus writes that the roots of the conspiracy led by Gaius Calpurnius Piso began in this year .
Stevens was a finalist for both the Hugh Durham and Jim Phelan Awards for the second straight year and was named the Horizon League Coach of the Year .
These stories are used to pass " important knowledge , cultural values and belief systems " from generation to generation .
Additionally , Amos is an England youth international , having represented his country at every level from Under @-@ 16 to Under @-@ 21 .
More importantly for them , the French force had performed well over difficult terrain and under terrible combat conditions .
After one cruise under the German flag , each boat was commissioned into the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy .
Despite this finding , the political context of the event , coupled with a variety of curious circumstances , immediately gave rise to speculation that Sikorski 's death had been no accident , and may in fact have been the direct result of a Soviet , British or even Polish conspiracy .
The strategy required staff to read a statement to customers explaining the situation ; Blockbuster claimed it was only " [ monitoring ] customer demand " due to the reduced availability .
It is too indistinctly drawn to identify with certainty , but given the presence of similar objects in Bacon 's later works , may be either the end of a hanging light switch or the tassel of a curtain ; the hanging cord was to become a signature for the artist .
However , they are rarely considered for a modern design , the principles behind them having been superseded by other methodologies which are more accurate in their prediction of filter response .
She thought about it for two hours before telling him to go for it .
Ambassador Bishop had visited Central Command in August 1990 , where he worked with military experts to update the embassy 's E & E plan .
The Cayuga County section of former NY 31B was transferred to the county one year later on April 1 , 1981 , and designated as CR 31B for the state route that preceded it .
Carol Burnett .
Nero praised her during the funeral eulogy and gave her divine honors .
Lesnar won his first WWE Undisputed Championship five months after his main roster debut at the age of 25 , becoming the youngest champion in the title 's history .
Although Crichton was unable to obtain permission to clean and restock his ships ( and contrary to British Admiralty orders which forbade the taking on of evacuees ) , when he saw the mass of civilians pouring through the dockyards , he opened up his gangways for boarding .
1st Division under command of Pierre Dupont de l 'Étang ( formerly 1st Division of VI . Corps ) , six battalions , three squadrons , and three guns , most of which were involved in the fighting after mid @-@ day .
Reviewers praised most aspects of the production , with particular emphasis on Mendes , Spacey , and Ball ; criticism focused on the familiarity of the characters and setting .
It was first described as a " [UNK] " , and the specific name annectens means " connecting " in reference to its inferred transitional position between [UNK] and lissamphibians .
Little Gidding continues by describing the [UNK] of the present and how history exists in a pattern .
Facial expressions depicted on the heads vary from stern through placid to smiling .
Early ironclads used black powder , which expanded rapidly after combustion ; this meant cannons had relatively short barrels , to prevent the barrel itself slowing the shell .
The unit was deployed to Metković on 28 October , tasked with recapturing Slano from the JNA .
The primary tasks of the brigade were to bring in reinforcements and supplies , and to aid the two parachute brigades in consolidating the area held by the division ; the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Squadron was to aid in the latter task , acting as a reconnaissance force to scout out German positions and impede the movement of German forces attempting to counter @-@ attack .
Kershaw was 0 – 3 and had a 2 @.@ 28 ERA with 47 strikeouts through 431 ⁄ 3 innings pitched in his first stint of the year with the Suns .
This weaker type of backbone indicates the [UNK] [UNK] spent more time in water .
The story would also show how the Doctor had responded to losing his previous companions ; Moffat said that " I think he 's probably reached the point in his life where he 's saying , ' Friendship for me is just postponed bereavement — I want to be on my own for a while ' . " Moffat compared the withdrawn Doctor seen at the onset of the episode to the first appearances of the First Doctor ( William Hartnell ) in 1963 and the Ninth Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) in 2005 .
Knee lifts to the opponent 's midsection .
The JTWC estimated peak winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) on November 16 , and later that day , the JMA upgraded the storm to typhoon status , estimating peak 10 @-@ minute winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) .
They ruled under and gave yearly tribute to the Sultanate of Brunei as its satellite state .
On 11 October Callaghan and Young visited Free Derry , and on 12 October the first military police entered the [UNK] , on foot and unarmed .
The historic [UNK] Street in Binondo features many buildings of neo @-@ classical and beaux @-@ arts architectural style , many of which were designed by prominent Filipino architects during the American Rule in the 1920s to the late 1930s .
Certain species of [UNK] have been mentioned as examples of " anachronistic " species which are adapted for dispersal by now @-@ extinct Pleistocene megafauna .
On 14 August units of the British Army were deployed at the edge of the [UNK] and the RUC were withdrawn .
[UNK] of primary carbons and [UNK] of a compound with two [UNK] sites have never been observed .
In the future , the king of Armenia was to be a Parthian prince , but his appointment required approval from the Romans .
No record of any judgment exists , but Osbert apparently appeared before two popes , Adrian IV and Alexander III .
Both sides used ironclads in the Chincha Islands War between Spain and the combined forces of Peru and Chile in the early 1860s .
A charter of Thurstan 's , dating to around 1138 , names Osbert explicitly as Thurstan 's nephew .
The former MSG told planners that a new embassy had been planned and was under construction several years prior .
After a Falangist attempt against the life of pro @-@ allied General José Enrique Varela , perpetrated by Sánchez Rubio network 's agent Juan José Domínguez and a meeting between Anthony Eden and the Spanish ambassador at London , Jacobo Fitz @-@ James Stuart , Abwehr activities around Gibraltar came to an end .
Of the 7 @,@ 900 families adversely affected by the hurricane , 4 @,@ 325 required assistance from the American Red Cross .
The full team was in place by the end of summer 1942 and their cavern fully equipped and ready for occupation .
On the February 24 , 2014 episode of Raw , after Heyman stated that Lesnar had requested a match for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship at WrestleMania XXX , instead receiving an open contract to face anyone else of his choosing , The Undertaker then returned and chokeslammed Lesnar through a table , setting up their match at WrestleMania .
Later considered a saint , his feast day is 30 July .
Turning to the north , the storm slowly weakened as it crossed into Georgia , dissipating on September 7 near Augusta .
On 14 June 1978 , Malaysia LNG Sdn Bhd ( [UNK] Satu ) was established by Petronas , a Malaysian national oil and gas company for Liquefied Natural Gas ( LNG ) processing at Bintulu .
The film 's tagline — " look closer " — originally came from a cutting pasted on Lester 's workplace cubicle by the set dresser .
Perhaps feeling the effects of their double overtime 101 – 96 win two days prior , Kansas State got off to a slow start , scoring just 20 points in the first half to trail 27 – 20 .
They served sentences ranging from a 6 @-@ month work release term and five years probation , to eleven years and three months in federal prison for the ringleader , Jacob Laskey .
There are three mills in Bintulu that process wood @-@ waste products .
The 2010 Claxton Shield was contested between five teams from around Australia .
He made his competitive first @-@ team debut on 23 September 2008 in a 3 – 1 win at home to Middlesbrough in the third round of the League Cup .
The 64 bombers flew from bases in Oran , [UNK] ( in Algeria ) , Meknes , [UNK] , and Port Lyautey ( in Morocco ) .
The film is set in an upper middle @-@ class neighborhood in an unidentified American town .
The following day , several thousand residents , led by the [UNK] , withdrew to the [UNK] and issued an ultimatum to the RUC — withdraw within two hours or be driven out .
The next evolution of battleship design , the dreadnought , is never referred to as an ' ironclad ' .
If the main body of the French army crossed the river , they would require time to prepare .
He even composed songs that were performed by other entertainers throughout the empire .
Anthony " Tiny [UNK] " [UNK] — drums ( 2007 – 2008 ) .
The genus was named for Attalus III [UNK] , king of Pergamon , known for his interest in medicinal plants .
In addition to Mastodonsaurus , some of the earliest named genera included [UNK] and [UNK] in 1842 , [UNK] in 1848 , [UNK] in 1849 , [UNK] and [UNK] in 1853 , [UNK] in 1858 , and [UNK] in 1859 .
Altogether , France built ten new wooden steam battleships and converted 28 from older ships of the line , while the United Kingdom built 18 and converted 41 .
Cope objected to von Zittel 's classification , considering the vertebrae of [UNK] and [UNK] indistinguishable because each had a simple spool shape .
On the left @-@ hand side , three vertical cords descend across the ear .
Most of the head is carved in a realistic manner , the exception being the ears .
Even the later HMS Shannon , often described as the first British armored cruiser , would have been too slow to outrun General @-@ Admiral .
Peppiatt notes that the exhibition showed Bacon no longer needed sensationalist material to make an impact , and was now capable of creating an intense emotional response through more subtle means , and had found a way of presenting the human condition in the way he had sought , by presenting his sitter " in a vestigial setting , a cage or [ behind ] a parted [UNK] ... the rest , the most essential , lay in the manipulation of the infinitely suggestive medium of oil paint " .
Its first rabbi was Marcus Simmons .
Intramuros is the historic center of Manila .
Conrad Hall was not the first choice for director of photography ; Mendes believed he was " too old and too experienced " to want the job , and he had been told that Hall was difficult to work with .
Although the earliest [UNK] were primarily semiaquatic , they had the ability to feed on land .
These evocative stone face masks present both similarities and differences to the colossal heads .
This intensity was held for several hours until less conducive atmospheric conditions slightly weakened the system ; this was followed by Morakot making landfall on southern Taiwan on August 3 .
All of the 14 cm guns were removed and the casemate openings sealed off .
Tossed into the icy river , most had drowned .
In the Ulm campaign , the Habsburgs achieved some minor victories , such as Klenau 's at Haslach @-@ Jungingen , but ultimately lost an entire army and an officer corps .
These elusive units were insufficient to balance heavy losses at key battles in which the Austrians could not hold their own against the French .
After high school , he attended DePauw University , where he played basketball and earned a degree in economics .
A third hypothesis is that caecilians descended from [UNK] and frogs and salamanders evolved from [UNK] .
The [UNK] plain supported both viticulture and agriculture .
[UNK] were found in association with workshops at San Lorenzo , indicating their use in the finishing of fine detail .
[UNK] [UNK] was recognised as a distinct species by Michael [UNK] and coauthors ; Glassman and [UNK] and Dransfield concurred , but Henderson considered it part of A. speciosa .
Describing the film , Robert Rossen said : " My protagonist , Fast Eddie , wants to become a great pool player , but the film is really about the obstacles he encounters in attempting to fulfill himself as a human being . He attains self @-@ awareness only after a terrible personal tragedy which he has caused — and then he wins his pool game . " Roger Ebert concurs with this assessment , citing The Hustler as " one of the few American movies in which the hero wins by surrendering , by accepting reality instead of his dreams . " .
Ambassador Bishop remained engaged in conversation with the Major until he reached the helicopter landing zone to depart with the final wave to prevent the Major from reneging on the deal .
The Tetrarchs of ' A ' Squadron were to play an integral part in this reconnaissance role due to their speed , but the squadron 's strength of twenty tanks was severely depleted by the time it landed in Normandy .
[UNK] mosque , meaning " [UNK] to God " , has a man @-@ made waterfall , a fountain , and a landscape planted with flowers .
Through the influence of King Æthelbald he was appointed as Archbishop of Canterbury in 731 and was consecrated on 10 June 731 .
At the first ever SmackDown brand @-@ exclusive pay @-@ per @-@ view in July , Vengeance , Lesnar took on Angle and Big Show in a No Disqualification triple threat match for his title , which ended after Angle hit the Angle Slam on both Big Show and Lesnar , pinning the champion to become WWE Champion for a fourth time .
The Fourth Carrier Division was assigned to the Northern Force under the command of Vice Admiral Jisaburō Ozawa and the sisters sailed from Yashima on 20 October .
" Eddie , you 're a born loser . " - Nominated .
Since 2007 , new residents have started several squatter areas in Bintulu due to inability to find affordable housing , around [UNK] Industrial estate and Sungai [UNK] .
Members of Task Force Manchu who escaped from Hill 209 brought back considerable intelligence information of North Korean activity in the vicinity of the [UNK] ferry crossing site .
Eight boats — numbered UB @-@ 1 to UB @-@ 8 — were ordered from Germaniawerft of Kiel , and seven boats — numbered UB @-@ 9 to U @-@ 15 — from AG Weser of Bremen .
Art historian Armin [UNK] describes the work as a mixture of reverence and subversion that pays tribute to Velázquez , while at the same time deconstructs his painting .
On October 10 , the depression dissipated just off the coast of southern China .
World record : Youngest person to win the WWE Championship ( aged 25 years , 44 days ) .
Lesnar and Jeff Hardy squared off at Backlash in Lesnar 's first official televised match .
A variety of species remain important sources of edible oil , thatch , edible seeds and fibre .
In the 18th and early 19th centuries fleets had relied on two types of major warship , the ship of the line and the frigate .
While he was positive towards Smith and the TARDIS on the cloud , he criticised Strax and the " Sudoku @-@ like complexity " of the script .
Toyota , a company listed in the Forbes Global 2000 also has its regional office along UN Avenue .
The Tamaraw FX , the third generation Toyota Kijang , which competed directly with jeepneys and followed fixed routes for a set price , once plied the streets of Manila .
In fact , the new embassy was located further inland and , after receiving updated information , task force commanders determined that a beach landing , requiring troops to fight their way across the city , was too risky .
In an unusual move , DreamWorks decided not to option the script ; instead , in April 1998 , the studio bought it outright for $ 250 @,@ 000 , outbidding Fox Searchlight Pictures , October Films , Metro @-@ Goldwyn @-@ Mayer , and Lakeshore Entertainment .
Because of its small land area and huge population , Manila is regarded as one of the most densely populated cities in the world with 42 @,@ 857 people per square kilometer .
Lester discovers Carolyn 's infidelity , but reacts indifferently .
On July 15 , 2006 , New Japan Pro Wrestling announced Lesnar would not return to defend the IWGP Heavyweight Championship due to " visa issues " and had been stripped of the title .
[UNK] was named All State in football , basketball and track .
This season each team held their home games at only one venue .
However , intensification leveled off as Linfa executed a small clockwise loop before a subsequent landfall on Luzon on May 27 .
In addition , many important collections , including type specimen , have been lost or destroyed .
Information obtained later indicated it was in fact the command post of the NK 9th Division .
Butler next faced off with thirteenth seeded Murray State .
The ghost discusses change , art in general , and how humankind is flawed .
The programme of commemorating the dead of the Great War was considered essentially complete with the inauguration of the Thiepval Memorial in 1932 , though the Vimy Memorial would not be finished until 1936 , the Villers @-@ Bretonneux Memorial until 1938 and stonemasons were still conducting work on the Menin Gate when Germany invaded Belgium in 1940 .
However , glider training by the regiment was stopped in 1950 and the Tetrarchs withdrawn from service .
No. 20 Squadron lost two Catalinas during patrols on 4 and 6 May ; the nine crewmen of the first were later found to have been captured and beheaded ; the crew of the second were also captured and subsequently disappeared without trace .
It features Arjona and his son , Ricardo Arjona Jr .
The show was later rebroadcast on 5 November by Canal de las Estrellas .
The Tetrarchs remained in Britain , and would probably have been used as training vehicles before being retired from service , but on 22 June 1941 the German invasion of the USSR , Operation Barbarossa began , and the USSR became an ally of Britain .
[UNK] has very small teeth and a large area for muscle attachment behind the skull , suggesting that it could suction feed by rapidly opening its mouth .
The four remaining Type UB Is in Flanders — UB @-@ 10 , UB @-@ 12 , UB @-@ 16 , UB @-@ 17 — were all converted to minelayers by 1918 , having their torpedo tubes removed and replaced with chutes to carry up to eight mines .
As of October 2012 , the tour has been performed for close to one million people in more than eight countries .
the chancery and [UNK] buildings ( the two " [UNK] " buildings where the evacuees were held ) .
Eamonn McCann wrote that " the Derry [UNK] , under Martin McGuinness , had managed to bomb the city centre until it looked as if it had been hit from the air without causing any civilian casualties . " .
In the wake of the fire , he made a new urban development plan .
Coming early in Bacon 's career , they are uneven in quality , but show a clear progression especially in how they utilise and present ideas he was still clearly developing and coming to terms with .
Stevens has been called a coaching prodigy and compared to John Wooden .
Before he started training at Applebee 's , he was offered a low @-@ paying administrative position as coordinator of basketball operations under then @-@ coach Thad Matta .
Some of the impedance terms and section terms used in this article are pictured in the diagram below .
In the spring of 1813 , he was appointed by Governor Caleb Strong to fill the U.S. Senate seat vacated by the resignation of Senator James Lloyd .
Nero returned to Rome and spent the evening in the palace .
She investigates several of the owners of the student IDs , who do seem genuine in accusing Weevil .
When transport over land was necessary , the Olmecs are likely to have used causeways , ramps and roads to facilitate moving the heads .
Heads III , IV and V show fully formed busts recognisable as men , and are characterised by a haunted atmosphere .
In Quién Dijo Ayer ( 2007 ) , Torres produced the singles " Quién " and " Quiero " and provided background vocals on the remastered versions of Arjona 's past hits .
Gore used the bank for most of his personal deposits , but also drew on lines of credit for as much as several thousand dollars .
The Tetrarch experienced several setbacks throughout its development and deployment with the Army and airborne forces .
In 2009 , Lesnar signed an endorsement deal with [UNK] Nutrition .
Despite his political experience , this was a remarkable choice .
The 1st District ( 2015 population : 415 @,@ 906 ) is Manila 's ( and the country 's ) most densely populated congressional district .
Years later , Matta recalled , " [ Stevens ] was just a hungry young kid that was desperate to get into coaching . He had a great passion and was willing to take a risk to get into the coaching profession . " .
Clara 's introduction to the TARDIS introduced two novel effects for the show .
The 7 @.@ 62 @-@ centimetre ( 3 in ) high @-@ angle guns had a maximum elevation of + 75 degrees , and had a rate of fire of 13 to 20 rounds per minute .
The break resulted in severe local damage , flooding portions of Sulphur Springs .
Manila is the site of prominent Catholic churches and institutions .
The work has been imitated in postcard format by numerous municipalities , states and nations .
Inland , winds near Lake Okeechobee peaked at only 60 mph ( 97 km / h ) .
The squadron conducted long @-@ range patrols between bases scattered around the islands to Australia 's north in conjunction with No. 11 Squadron .
Bintulu receives on average 14 to 15 [UNK] / m2 of radiation throughout the year .
During the ships ' modernization during the 1930s , their forward superstructures were enlarged with multiple platforms added to their tripod foremasts .
At approximately 25 @,@ 000 square feet ( 2 @,@ 300 m2 ) , the facility included a sanctuary , commercial kitchen , banquet facilities , and classrooms , and housed the synagogue , the Lane County Jewish Federation , and the local Jewish Family Service .
The commander of Amphibious Group Two had initially proposed a seven @-@ ship Amphibious Task Group , composed of vessels anchored at Masirah Island ( off Oman ) and Dubai and including four amphibious ships so that the full range of amphibious capabilities would be available for the operation .
A head from La Venta is decorated with the head of a bird .
Nonetheless , the JMA classified the pressure area as a tropical depression west of the Marshall Islands at 0600 UTC on January 15 .
The Italian frogmen originally used a Spanish villa ( Villa Carmela ) located two miles ( 3 km ) from Gibraltar owned by an Italian officer who had married a Spanish woman named Conchita [UNK] .
Lesnar went on to criticize Canadian health care further and stated that he shared his experience in an effort to speak " on the behalf of the doctors in the United States that don 't want health care reform to happen " .
SM UB @-@ 8 ( as U @-@ 8 ) .
Through this examination of Lester 's life , rebirth and death , American Beauty satirizes American middle class notions of meaning , beauty and satisfaction .
The discovery of a colossal head at Tres [UNK] in the nineteenth century spurred the first archaeological investigations of Olmec culture by Matthew Stirling in 1938 .
The Buena Vista Social Club .
Many new forms of wave filter were subsequently invented ; an early ( and important ) variation was the m @-@ derived filter by Zobel who coined the term constant k for the Campbell filter in order to distinguish them .
To lower the cost of food imports , merchant ships were declared tax @-@ exempt .
In 62 , Tigranes invaded the Parthian province of Adiabene .
The album 's lead single , " [UNK] " , became one of the most requested tracks at Sirius Satellite Radio 's Hard Attack , while the song 's music video was voted one of the Top 10 of 2007 on MTV 's Headbangers Ball .
These environments seem to have had little diversity , as they were inhabited almost exclusively by [UNK] .
Walker came to the US 2nd Division front at 12 : 00 and ordered the division to hold at all costs .
Attempts at reducing its number have not prospered despite local legislation — Ordinance [UNK] , passed on 23 April 1996 — reducing the number from 897 to 150 by merging existing barangays , because of the failure to hold a plebiscite .
On 3 December 2012 , Independiente received a nomination for " Pop Album of the Year " at the 2013 Premios Lo Nuestro awards .
Ultimately he changed his mind and identified friends and colleagues as party members .
The most senior among the former legionnaires was Ante Roso , previously a Sous @-@ Officier ( non @-@ commissioned officer – NCO ) in the 4th Foreign Regiment .
Adolf Hitler – now 90 years old , the former leader of the Third Reich had not died in the Führerbunker in Berlin , but escaped to South America and hid in the Amazon jungle .
Due to her sacral agenesis , when she rides her horse , she dislocates several bones every time , but as a result of anti @-@ doping rules , she has had to find alternative ways of coping with pain associated with riding .
After some adjustments , [UNK] became the template for the Commission 's building programme .
Lesnar debuted on WWF television on the March 18 , 2002 , episode of Raw , coming through the crowd and attacking Al Snow , Maven and Spike Dudley during their match .
Steiner not only lets Hitler justify his past , he allows him the ( almost ) last word before the outside world invades .
The music video received 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period and positive commentary from reviewers , who appreciated its carefree , jubilant nature .
Olmec colossal heads vary in height from 1 @.@ 47 to 3 @.@ 4 metres ( 4 @.@ 8 to 11 @.@ 2 ft ) and weigh between 6 and 50 tons .
A comprehensive manual was prepared on all aspects of the operation and it was considered that similar secret lookout posts should be prepared throughout the world in the event of future wars .
The road runs along the northern edge of the creek for about 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) prior to curving southward at an intersection with [UNK] Road ( CR 122 ) .
On 8 September 1867 , the first Sarawak General Council meeting ( now Sarawak State Legislative Assembly ) took place here .
He does not get upset about bad calls by referees or player mistakes , preferring to focus on " the next play " rather than what just happened .
Although Napoleon made a spectacular return in 1815 , known as the Hundred Days , his defeat at the Battle of Waterloo , the pursuit of his army and himself , his abdication and banishment to the Island of Saint Helena concluded the Napoleonic Wars .
The boats were equipped with two 45 @-@ centimetre ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) bow torpedo tubes and carried two torpedoes .
Butler won their next game when they defeated Wisconsin .
Steam @-@ powered screw frigates were built in the mid @-@ 1840s , and at the end of the decade the French Navy introduced steam power to its line of battle .
SM UB @-@ 9 .
Guinness World Records .
Kirby 's Block Ball was released for the Game Boy first in Japan in 1995 and later in Europe ( 1995 ) and North America ( May 1996 ) .
This allowed Big Show to capitalize and proceeded to chokeslam Lesnar on a steel chair .
At the time it was thought that these [UNK] lifted their heads with strong jaw muscles , but it is now thought that they used larger muscles in the neck that were attached to the large pectoral girdle .
It was later emulated on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console , and released first in Japan ( October 2011 ) and later in Europe ( February 2012 ) and North America ( May 2012 ) .
Sportswriter Tony Jackson called Kershaw 's debut the most anticipated start by a Dodgers pitcher since Hideo Nomo 's major league debut during the 1995 season .
In autumn 766 , Bo [UNK] became governor of the region : he supported Du Fu financially and employed him as his unofficial secretary .
In March 768 , he began his journey again and got as far as Hunan province , where he died in [UNK] ( now Changsha ) in November or December 770 , in his 58th year .
Mendes claimed the screening went very well .
The Russian Navy pioneered the wide @-@ scale use of torpedo boats during the Russo @-@ Turkish War of 1877 – 1878 , mainly out of necessity because of the superior numbers and quality of ironclads used by the Turkish navy .
The fossils consist of small disks with thin membranes that are probably [UNK] membranes and halo @-@ like areas surrounding them that are most likely mucous coatings .
Lesnar underwent surgery on May 27 to help battle his problems with diverticulitis .
" Kiss You " was chosen as the second US single and third international from their second studio album , Take Me Home .
Of the poets who were published in the various Imagist anthologies , Joyce , Lawrence and Aldington are now primarily remembered and read as novelists .
Under Nero , restrictions were put on the amount of bail and fines .
Then , the first shell guns firing explosive shells were introduced following their development by the French Général Henri @-@ Joseph [UNK] , and by the 1840s were part of the standard armament for naval powers including the French Navy , Royal Navy , Imperial Russian Navy and United States Navy .
Damage was heaviest in South Korea , notably where it moved ashore .
On board was General Władysław Sikorski , Prime Minister of Poland 's London @-@ based government in exile and Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of its armed forces , returning from visiting Polish troops in the Middle East .
They fired a 6 kg ( 13 lb ) projectile with a muzzle velocity of 680 m / s ( 2 @,@ 200 ft / s ) to a maximum height of 7 @,@ 500 metres ( 24 @,@ 600 ft ) .
He knew several things .
Later in the morning North Korean barges crossed the Naktong below A Company .
Kershaw 's mother , born Marianne Tombaugh , is the daughter of Clyde Tombaugh 's younger brother .
This hill and Hill 209 dominated the rear areas of the regiment .
All roads in Bintulu are maintained by the Bintulu Development Authority ( BDA ) .
Ezra convinces Jack to make things right and Ezra convinces the cabaret girl to leave Jack .
Winds within tropical cyclones can also be estimated by tracking features within the CDO using rapid scan geostationary satellite imagery , whose pictures are taken minutes apart rather than every half @-@ hour .
Mendes spent two days filming Spacey against bluescreen , but removed the sequence as he believed it to be too whimsical — " like a Coen brothers movie " — and therefore inappropriate for the tone he was trying to set .
He is forced out of hiding to investigate mysterious , sentient snowmen that are building themselves and meets Clara Oswald ( Jenna @-@ Louise Coleman ) , a governess also investigating the snowmen .
The Conquistadors renamed the area Nuevo Reino de Castilla ( New Kingdom of Castille ) and shortened the name to Manila .
Continued dissatisfaction with this state of affairs would ultimately lead to the gravest crisis of Nerva 's reign .
The pair of 14 cm guns on the upper deck were removed at this time .
The new Graves Registration Commission had over 31 @,@ 000 graves of British and Imperial soldiers registered by October 1915 and 50 @,@ 000 registered by May 1916 .
American Beauty was widely considered the best film of 1999 by the American press .
Gibbon considered Nerva the first of the Five Good Emperors , five successive rulers under whom the Roman Empire " was governed by absolute power , under the guidance of wisdom and virtue " from 96 until 180 .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 2 is currently in the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City .
There are about 50 primary and eight secondary schools in Bintulu .
The project ended up costing $ 6 million , of which $ 4 million had been raised .
American Beauty 's closest rival for Best Picture was still The Cider House Rules , from Miramax .
In 2003 [UNK] delivered aid to Iraq War victims in the Persian Gulf .
In South Korea , there was $ 12 @.@ 1 million in damage and two deaths .
Binondo , the oldest Chinatown in the world , is the city 's center of commerce and trade for all types of businesses run by Filipino @-@ Chinese merchants with a wide variety of Chinese and Filipino shops and restaurants .
He also became just the fourth pitcher since 1893 to have at least five 200 @-@ strikeout seasons through an age @-@ 26 season ( Bert [UNK] , Walter Johnson and Sam McDowell are the others ) .
Since the opening up of the Bintulu – Miri road in the 1970s , large @-@ scale plantations of oil palm and cocoa has been developed in rural areas of Bintulu Division .
Bening recalled women from her youth to inform her performance : " I used to babysit constantly . You 'd go to church and see how people present themselves on the outside , and then be inside their house and see the difference . " Bening and a hair stylist collaborated to create a " PTA president coif " hairstyle , and Mendes and production designer Naomi [UNK] researched mail @-@ order catalogs to better establish Carolyn 's environment of a " spotless suburban manor " .
According to Tacitus , who was nine at the time of the fire , it spread quickly and burned for over five days .
They wrapped up touring in support of the album with a headlining tour in the US through August and September in 2007 .
The Rizal Memorial Track and Football Stadium hosted the first FIFA World Cup qualifier in decades when the Philippines hosted Sri Lanka in July 2011 .
Fidel ( film ) ( Hollywood for Showtime ) .
The first battleships built for the renewed Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program were the two dreadnoughts of the Kawachi class , ordered in 1907 and laid down in 1908 .
She was Bulgaria 's first submarine , and was engaged primarily in coastal defense duties off Bulgaria 's main Black Sea port of Varna .
While sailing rigs were obsolescent for all purposes by the end of the 1880s , rigged ships were in service until the early years of the 20th century .
Amos attended [UNK] High School , where he earned 11 GCSEs at grade C or above .
He had at least one attested sister , named [UNK] , who married Lucius Salvius [UNK] Otho , the brother of the future Emperor Otho .
In one shot during Lester 's encounter with Angela at the Burnhams ' home , Hall created rain effects on the foreground cross lights ; in another , he partly lit the pair through French windows to which he had added material to make the rain run slower , intensifying the light ( although the strength of the outside light was unrealistic for a night scene , Hall felt it justified because of the strong contrasts it produced ) .
Since the 17th century the predominant tactic of naval warfare had been the line of battle , where a fleet formed a long line to give it the best fire from its broadside guns .
In 2000 , Lesnar signed with the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) .
At the Royal Rumble in 2004 , Lesnar defeated Holly to retain the WWE Championship .
Clara returns to her other job as governess for the children of Captain Latimer .
The sculpture suffered some mutilation in antiquity , with nine pits hollowed into the face and headdress .
The second and third waves were able to depart without incident as the ambassador negotiated with the Major , who finally agreed to settle the matter for several thousand dollars in cash and keys to the ambassador 's armored car .
The Office of Military Cooperation , just one and a half blocks from the embassy , required evacuation .
At 2100 UTC on October 28 , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) began issuing advisories on the depression , giving it the local name [UNK] .
However , she denies and records their conversation as further proof .
By the 1980s and ' 90s , such work was being exhibited internationally .
Nero , with the support of Seneca , resisted the intervention of his mother in his personal affairs .
On the 2013 elections , former President Joseph Estrada defeated Lim in the mayoral race .
Some soldiers posted here would not see the light of day for months on end .
It has a structural design with a rock garden courtyard , man @-@ made waterfall , and dragon fencing .
The low temperature of the crater floor makes it ideal for infrared observations , and solar cells placed along the rim could provide near @-@ continuous power to the observatory .
Both the Holton Taxol total synthesis and the Wender Taxol total synthesis feature asymmetric α @-@ hydroxylation with [UNK] .
Poquita Ropa became the first album since Adentro which Arjona recorded without Torres .
In imitation of the Greeks , Nero built a number of gymnasiums and theatres .
Head VI drew a mixed reaction from art critics ; John Russell , later Bacon 's biographer , at the time dismissed it as a cross between " an alligator shorn of its jaws and an accountant in pince @-@ nez who has come to a bad end " .
The organization flew " the first international relief airlift to Cambodia since 1975 " , delivering medicine to Phnom @-@ Penh .
However , Nero 's expedition up the Nile failed upon reaching the impenetrable Sudd of present @-@ day South Sudan .
Despite these additions and the loss of members to Congregation [UNK] Torah , the synagogue was not large enough , particularly during the High Holidays , when extra space had to be rented .
The city had learned from previous experience with severe storms in 1926 , 1928 , and 1929 .
The transfer of acylated amines is more difficult than that of unsubstituted amines , although , unlike amine transfer by [UNK] , there are no alternative methods that directly transfer acylated amines .
This feature mirrors contemporary developments in avant @-@ garde art , especially Cubism .
Brock Lock ( Over @-@ the @-@ shoulder single leg Boston crab ) – 2002 – 2004 .
Other animals that would later be classified as [UNK] were placed in a group called [UNK] , characterized by plate @-@ like skull bones , small limbs , fish @-@ like scales , and branchial arches .
In both cases the perpetrators were caught and convicted .
However , as Hung notes , he " is the only Chinese poet whose influence grew with time " , and his works began to increase in popularity in the ninth century .
Effects were minor in mainland China .
By World War II , the guns used Type 91 armour @-@ piercing , capped shells .
Nored hit both foul shots , giving Butler a 52 – 49 lead .
These schools provided classes until Primary 3 level .
From 21 : 30 until shortly after midnight the NK 9th Division crossed the Naktong at a number of places and climbed the hills quietly toward the 9th Infantry river line positions .
Civilians who died as a result of enemy action during the Second World War are commemorated differently from those that died as a result of military service .
The National Hurricane Center will often quote Dvorak T @-@ numbers in their tropical cyclone products .
Estimates of the time span during which colossal heads were produced vary from 50 to 200 years .
In 1944 , he led Arthur Hill High to the MHSAA Class A high school basketball championship ( over Kalamazoo Central High School ) , scoring 24 points , including 17 in the second half , of the championship game .
Nancy Willen encouraged DreamWorks to produce a special about the making of American Beauty , to set up displays of the film in the communities ' bookstores , and to arrange a question @-@ and @-@ answer session with Mendes for the British Academy of Film and Television Arts .
Ball pitched three ideas to [UNK] : two conventional romantic comedies and American Beauty , which he had originally conceived as a play in the early 1990s .
A Royal Armoured Corps report issued in December 1942 stated that approximately 50 Tetrarchs were available for use .
Suetonius ( c . 69 – 130 ) was a member of the equestrian order , and he was the head of the department of the imperial correspondence .
He set an MLB record with six consecutive starts with at least 10 strikeouts and no more than one walk and a club record with six consecutive starts with at least 10 strikeouts .
When word of the disaster that had overtaken 1st Battalion reached regimental headquarters , Freeman obtained the release of G and F Companies from 2nd Division reserve and sent the former to help 1st Battalion and the latter on the southern road toward Pugong @-@ ni and C Company .
In March 1915 , with the support of Nevil Macready , Adjutant @-@ General of the British Expeditionary Force , Ware 's work was given official recognition and support by the Imperial War Office and the unit was transferred to the British Army as the Graves Registration Commission .
During the regular season , games were played on a Friday night and a doubleheader on Saturday ; in each doubleheader one of the two games was shortened to seven innings .
It is Arjona 's fifth consecutive album to chart on that list ( following Adentro , Quién Dijo Ayer , 5to Piso and Poquita Ropa ) , although it has only charted higher than Adentro .
Determined to promote the work of the Imagists , and particularly of Aldington and H.D. , Pound decided to publish an anthology under the title Des [UNK] .
Imbudo caused the deaths of 78 people and US $ 383 million in damage .
In March 1917 , UB @-@ 6 ran aground in Dutch waters and was interned for the rest of the war , along with her crew .
W. Ray Johnston .
Their raids on Rabaul did little to stem the Japanese advance , and in the following months Port Moresby itself was subjected to increasingly frequent attacks , which destroyed aircraft , facilities , and squadron records .
They displaced 36 @,@ 500 long tons ( 37 @,@ 100 t ) at deep load , roughly 650 long tons ( 660 t ) more than the preceding class .
They longed for his rule once he was gone and embraced imposters when they appeared : .
Parker was a business partner of Craigie 's , and Duer was an influential New York businessman and Treasury Department official whose lavish lifestyle impressed Gore .
Triple non @-@ release powerbomb .
Kershaw is a celebrity endorser for [UNK] , Wilson Sporting Goods ( glove ) , Under Armour ( shoes ) , Muscle Milk , and Subway .
The overlap ends here as NY 93 turns southeastward onto the two @-@ lane bypass .
Her paintings portray bush plum " dreaming " and women ’ s ceremonies ( known as Awelye ) .
In 1840 , a Spanish lithographer created an image of the battle , which was later expanded by English lithographer John Outhwaite .
Mendes called American Beauty a rite of passage film about imprisonment and escape from imprisonment .
As such , the community is supposed to represent almost any religious community .
The front wheels could be steered to allow for gentle turns by bending the tracks .
The ironclad 's vulnerability to the torpedo was a key part of the critique of armored warships made by the Jeune Ecole school of naval thought ; it appeared that any ship armored enough to prevent destruction by gunfire would be slow enough to be easily caught by torpedo .
American paleontologist Ermine Cowles Case called it [UNK] vera or " true [UNK] " .
The city is also the site of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines , the largest university in the country in terms of student population .
The suicide of Nero on 9 June 68 brought the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty to an end , leading to the chaotic Year of the Four Emperors , which saw the successive rise and fall of the emperors Galba , Otho and Vitellius , until the accession of Vespasian on 21 December 69 .
Stevens joined the Butler basketball program as a volunteer prior to the 2000 – 01 season after quitting his job at Eli Lilly and Company .
Lesnar defeated Undertaker after executing three F @-@ 5s , ending his undefeated WrestleMania streak at 21 , a feat that was described by Sports Illustrated as being " the most shocking result since the Montreal Screwjob " .
The agency estimated 10 minute sustained winds and barometric pressure based on the Dvorak technique and numerical weather prediction .
The hanging object , which may be a light switch or curtain tassel , can be found even in his late paintings .
Doug Boyce ( DJ Product © 1969 ) — turntables , samples ( 1994 – 2013 ) .
Krems was heavily damaged ; the French plundered the town at least twice , and " barbarously handled " its inhabitants .
With the additional force , the French were overwhelmed , but most of the shooting subsided when the combatants could not tell apart friend from foe in the dark .
The first floor of Pasar Utama offers a variety of fast food such as [UNK] , [UNK] Mee , Jawa Mee , [UNK] [UNK] , [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] tarik .
The original ten twin 25 mm gun mounts were replaced by triple mounts and nine new triple mounts were added , a total of 57 guns .
In total , there were five drafts .
However , a few species have flowers that are intermediate between these four types , including A. [UNK] ( which Glassman placed in its own genus , [UNK] ) and this has been used as an argument for the single @-@ genus approach .
" You ’ ve got a lot of people always looking for the next step . And that ’ s not what I was doing . I was just trying to figure out a way to win the next game and think like a head coach . " Stevens said .
The basic [UNK] condition is found in many primitive tetrapods , and is not unique to one group of [UNK] .
In July 1971 there was a surge of recruitment into the IRA after two young men were shot and killed by British troops .
The [UNK] were scheduled to follow once the first two were completed .
[UNK] fibres , extracted from the leaf bases of A. [UNK] , are commercially important , and generated about US $ 20 million in annual income to Brazilian farmers in 1996 .
Additionally , oxidation of chiral [UNK] and oxidation of [UNK] with chiral [UNK] may yield [UNK] [UNK] .
He returned to feuding with The Undertaker .
After a Michigan State time out , Stevens had his team foul Lucious with 2 seconds remaining to prevent a potentially game tying 3 @-@ pointer .
All were sent to Pola for assembly and trials there as part of the Pola Flotilla before sailing on to join the Constantinople Flotilla .
After much contention , it was decided to send a party directly from Gibraltar to the island , and 1 @,@ 093 evacuees left for Jamaica direct , on 9 October , with more following later on .
Therefore , ear structures in [UNK] were not ancestral to those of all other tetrapods .
Originally , it was considered to be Manila itself at the time when the Philippines was under the Spanish Empire colonial rule .
At the time , Bacon was a highly controversial but respected artist , best known for his 1944 Three Studies for Figures at the Base of a Crucifixion , which made him the enfant terrible of British art .
Twenty years after Nero 's death , during the reign of Domitian , there was a third pretender .
The band 's eighth studio album , Truth Rising , was released on October 26 , 2010 to mixed reviews .
After hostilities of the War of the Second Coalition ended in 1801 , Archduke [UNK] emperor 's [UNK] advantage of the subsequent years of peace to develop a military restructuring plan .
There it was to prepare to enter the battle in either the 2nd or 25th Division zone .
As well as the main Principal Architects for France and Belgium ( Baker , Blomfield and Lutyens ) , there were Principal Architects appointed for other regions as well .
She was armed with thirty @-@ six 6 @.@ 4 @-@ inch ( 160 mm ) rifled guns .
The head was discovered in a deep gully by Matthew Stirling in 1946 ; it was found lying face down and its excavation was difficult due to the wet conditions in the gully .
Monument 23 was damaged in the mid @-@ twentieth century by a local mason who attempted to break its exposed upper portion using a steel chisel .
Dr Simeon grabs the tin and opens it only to find the memory worm , which latches on to him .
Meanwhile , Charles Brooke was a nephew of James Brooke and would later become the latter 's successor as the second Rajah of Sarawak .
On the December 30 episode of Raw , Lesnar returned with Heyman to announce his intentions to challenge the winner of the upcoming WWE World Heavyweight Championship match between Randy Orton and John Cena at the Royal Rumble .
Inflorescences either consist entirely of male flowers , or are predominantly female with a few male flowers .
It remained in Madagascar until early 1943 , when it was shipped to India and took part in the Burma Campaign as part of 29th Brigade .
In 1921 the elevation was increased to + 30 degrees and then to + 43 degrees during their mid @-@ 1930s modernization , except for No. 6 turret as its supporting structure could not be lowered .
The Graves Registration Commission became the Directorate of Graves Registration and Enquiries in the spring of 1916 in recognition of the fact that the scope of work began to extend beyond simple grave registration and began to include responding to enquiries from relatives of those killed .
The group is sometimes known as the UB @-@ 1 class after SM UB @-@ 1 , the class leader .
On April 8 , 2010 , Stevens signed a long @-@ term deal with Butler , extending his contract through the 2021 – 22 season .
On March 20 , 1994 , Chris Lord , an individual associated with the [UNK] and American Front , fired ten rounds with an assault rifle into the temple , damaging the interior .
He passed the greater part of his life in public service .
He was fined $ 1 @,@ 725 and given a six @-@ month hunting suspension .
Where possible , indigenous plants were utilised to enhance sentimental associations with the gardens of home .
He agreed , but had nothing in reserve to hang .
There are an estimated 4 million slum dwellers living in Manila as of 2014 .
Ben Amos returned to Manchester United after his loan spell at Bolton Wanderers , but on 10 June 2015 , it was announced on Manchester United website that Ben Amos has been released from the club along with four other players .
The head is adorned with ear ornaments in the form of a disc that covers the earlobe , with an associated clip or peg .
The initial plan was to evacuate via Mogadishu International Airport .
Not much of Nerva 's early life or career is recorded , but it appears he did not pursue the usual administrative or military career .
The NK 9th and 4th divisions were not able to resume the offensive .
St. Stephen 's Parish pro @-@ cathedral in the Sta .
The opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 facilitated direct trade and communications with Spain .
Its exploration of winning , losing , and character garnered a number of major awards ; it is also credited with helping to spark a resurgence in the popularity of pool .
As a competitor , Nero raced a ten @-@ horse chariot and nearly died after being thrown from it .
The vast majority of burial sites are pre @-@ existing communal or municipal cemeteries and parish churchyards located in the United Kingdom , however the Commission has itself constructed approximately 2 @,@ 500 war cemeteries worldwide .
The infantry brigades advanced toward [UNK] without the squadron , but eventually two Valentines and a single Tetrarch were dispatched in support , catching up with the lead elements of the infantry near the town of [UNK] .
During the martial law era , Manila became a hot @-@ bed of resistance activity as youth and student demonstrators repeatedly clashed with the police and military which were subservient to the Marcos regime .
Several colossal heads have been loaned to temporary exhibitions abroad ; San Lorenzo Colossal Head 6 was loaned to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 1970 .
Before they can do so , they are surrounded by snowmen created from snow with psychic properties who attack the group .
He asked only that his carbine be loaded and placed on his chest with the muzzle under his chin .
The album received generally positive reviews .
The Kriegsmarine tried to isolate Gibraltar , Malta , and Suez and disrupt Britain 's trade routes .
Meanwhile , Veronica and Piz ( Chris Lowell ) come to terms with Veronica 's FBI internship , and a sex tape of this couple is released on the internet .
Despite this initial panic , Gazan 's column retained its cohesion , and responded well to various difficult demands .
He writes of peace and prosperity under Nero in contrast to previous war and strife .
Lim was sued by councilor Dennis [UNK] on 2008 over human rights , charged with graft over the rehabilitation of public schools , and was heavily criticized for his haphazard resolution of the Rizal Park hostage taking incident , one of the deadliest hostage crisis in the Philippines .
Facing a false report of being denounced as a public enemy who was to be executed , he committed suicide on 9 June 68 ( the first Roman emperor to do so ) .
It had become partly Islamic and Hindu @-@ animist by the 15th century CE .
Combined fire from all weapons inflicted an estimated 300 casualties on this North Korean force .
With the filmmakers and cast in attendance , it screened at several American universities , including the University of California at Berkeley , New York University , the University of California at Los Angeles , the University of Texas at Austin , and Northwestern University .
Arjona wrote the song for his mother , Noemí Morales .
He finished the race in 11 @.@ 14 seconds , placing seventh in the heat ahead of Tuvalu 's [UNK] [UNK] ( 11 @.@ 48 seconds ) and behind Gabon 's Wilfried [UNK] ( 10 @.@ 87 seconds ) in a heat led by the Netherlands Antilles ' Churandy Martina ( 10 @.@ 35 seconds ) and Japan 's Naoki [UNK] ( 10 @.@ 39 seconds ) .
Come What ( ever ) May was met with generally positive critical reviews .
Feud of the Year ( 2003 ) vs. Kurt Angle .
Outsiders who came to Bintulu subsequently pronounced the name as " [UNK] " , and later the name evolved into " [UNK] " and , finally , " Bintulu " .
Some attempted to bring more , resulting in problems coordinating their evacuation .
These expelled " Jews " may have been early Christians , although Suetonius is not explicit .
The Rizal Memorial Sports Complex houses the Rizal Memorial Track and Football Stadium , the Baseball Stadium , Tennis Courts , Memorial Coliseum and the Ninoy Aquino Stadium ( the latter two are indoor arenas ) .
Tacitus mentions that Christians confessed to the crime , but it is not known whether these confessions were induced by torture .
As seen on her gravestone , Clara 's birthdate is 23 November , the date Doctor Who was first transmitted in 1963 .
Nero was known for spending his time visiting brothels and taverns during this period .
The fire arc of a turret would be considerably limited by masts and rigging , so they were unsuited to use on the earlier ocean @-@ going ironclads .
In 1789 President George Washington appointed Gore the first United States Attorney for Massachusetts as a reward for his support .
The naval war was concluded the next year at the Battle of Weihaiwei , where the strongest remaining Chinese ships were surrendered to the Japanese .
Clashes between youths and troops became more frequent .
Dujuan rapidly weakened while continuing westward through China , dissipating on September 3 over Guangxi .
The compression of expression that they achieved by following the Greek example complemented the proto @-@ Imagist interest in Japanese poetry , and , in 1912 , during a meeting with them in the British Museum tea room , Pound told H.D. and Aldington that they were [UNK] and even appended the signature H.D. Imagiste to some poems they were discussing .
Many experts called his 2014 season one of the best pitching seasons in recent memory .
Here , NY 93 intersects with CR 573 ( John Street ) at a junction that was once the western terminus of NY 267 .
Winter estates on the island , however , were better built and little damaged .
In 2008 , [UNK] has delivered aid to Myanmar cyclone victims as well as Chinese earthquake victims and flood victims in the Midwest , USA .
Petals on a wet , black bough .
As the system tracked westward , it gradually moved into a more favorable environment for tropical cyclogenesis .
[UNK] have been found to be useful for the formation of highly acid sensitive epoxides .
The first all @-@ steel warships built by the Royal Navy were the dispatch vessels Iris and Mercury , laid down in 1875 and 1876 .
Rock was not removed from around the earspools as on other heads , and does not narrow towards the base .
Whereas oxygen and nitrogen typically act as nucleophiles due to their high electronegativity , [UNK] allow for electrophilic transfer of both heteroatoms .
McCarthy cited the production and costume design as pluses , and said the soundtrack was good at creating " ironic counterpoint [ s ] " to the story .
Head VI was first exhibited in November 1949 at the Hanover Gallery in London , in a showing organised by one of the artist 's early champions , Erica [UNK] .
Brooke later built a fort there in 1862 .
[UNK] commissioned another showing to be held in 1950 , for which Bacon painted three large popes modelled on Velázquez 's portrait .
The Imagist group was centered in London , with members from Great Britain , Ireland and the United States .
In late May , an area of disturbed weather began to persist in the South China Sea .
When the North Koreans approached the Pusan Perimeter on August 5 , they attempted the same frontal assault technique on the four main avenues of approach into the perimeter .
Butler lost four starters after the 2007 – 08 season , and was picked to finish fifth in the Horizon league during the 2008 – 09 season .
[UNK] et al. have investigated asymmetric epoxidation with a chiral [UNK] salt using [UNK] as the stoichiometric oxidant seen below .
A match between Frank Mir and Shane Carwin took place on March 27 at UFC 111 to determine the Interim Heavyweight Champion , and Lesnar 's next opponent .
The regimental chaplain , Captain Lewis B. Sheen , had gone forward in the afternoon to B Company to hold services .
While he wrote that the subtle callback of the Great Intelligence was " a tad more interesting than the usual ' So , we meet again ! ' schtick " , he ultimately felt their threat " never quite comes into sharp relief " .
The storm produced the strongest winds in the city since the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane .
Manila also hosts several well @-@ known sports facilities such as the Enrique M. Razon Sports Center and the University of Santo Tomas Sports Complex , both of which are private venues owned by a university ; collegiate sports are also held , with the University Athletic Association of the Philippines and the National Collegiate Athletic Association basketball games held at Rizal Memorial Coliseum and Ninoy Aquino Stadium , although basketball events had transferred to San Juan 's [UNK] Flying V Arena and the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City .
Ambassador Bishop had spent a considerable amount of time discussing contingency plans for evacuation with other diplomatic posts .
3rd Division under command of Jean @-@ Baptiste [UNK] ( Batavian Division , formerly 3rd Division of the II . Corps ) .
Although Gore sank $ 10 @,@ 000 into this venture , it failed : more powerful and experienced Dutch bankers outmaneuvered the Americans .
Another group of [UNK] , the [UNK] , had wide heads with external gills , and adapted to life at the bottom of lakes and rivers .
" He coaches to his personality and to his strengths , " Collier says .
Annette Bening co @-@ stars as Lester 's materialistic wife , Carolyn , and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter , Jane .
Numancia was the first ironclad to circumnavigate the world , arriving in Cádiz on 20 September 1867 , and earning the motto : " [UNK] [UNK] que primo [UNK] [UNK] " [ " First ironclad ship to sail around the world " ] ) .
Butler responded by holding Syracuse scoreless for the next 5 minutes , taking a 60 – 54 lead with 0 : 59 to go .
Further searching led them to break through a wall into chambers which had never been used and had remained sealed for over 50 years .
There were initially several circulations , with a tropical upper tropospheric trough to the northeast increasing outflow .
Moffat described the new outfit as a " progression " as the Doctor was in " a different phase of his life now " and felt more " grown @-@ up " and [UNK] .
A largely destroyed human figure rides upon each block , with their legs hanging over the side .
There , Lesnar first met future friend and manager Paul Heyman .
The first battle between ironclads happened on 9 March 1862 , as the armored Monitor was deployed to protect the Union 's wooden fleet from the ironclad ram Virginia and other Confederate warships .
Chad [UNK] ( [UNK] ) — guitar ( 1994 – 2002 ) .
There were two main design alternatives to the broadside .
Seneca the Younger .
The force of the attack split the US 2nd Infantry Division in half , and the North Koreans were able to penetrate to Yongsan , promoting a fight there .
They had lost control of the boats in the current and smashed into the pillars of the burned bridge at Krems , overturning their boats .
As the North Korean attack developed during the night , 1st Battalion succeeded in withdrawing a large part of its force , less C Company , just north of Lake U @-@ p 'o and the hills there covering the northern road into Changnyong , 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) east of the river and 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) west of the town .
That night , Lesnar and McMahon were to face each other in a steel cage match with Angle as the special guest referee as per McMahon 's orders on the previous week 's program .
Previously however , Gomes ' 2004 lyrics for Only in Amerika expressed support for nationalism , and called for retaliation against Al Qaeda for the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks .
Two key elements of this report were that bodies should not be repatriated and that uniform memorials should be used to avoid class distinctions .
Although the player may choose any order to play the overland sections , various obstacles prevent the player from entering the dungeons outside of a specific order .
While producing the latter , he had used fewer instruments to simplify his sound , having introduced what had been called a " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " in his music .
Iron and wood were to some extent interchangeable : the Japanese Kongō and Hiei ordered in 1875 were sister @-@ ships , but one was built of iron and the other of composite construction .
For modern Western readers , " The less accurately we know the time , the place and the circumstances in the background , the more liable we are to imagine it incorrectly , and the result will be that we either misunderstand the poem or fail to understand it altogether " .
The recoil mechanism of the guns was also changed from a hydraulic to a pneumatic system , which allowed for a faster firing cycle of the main guns .
Nearby Lake Worth sustained extensive breakage of windows , including plate glass , and loss of tile and shingle roofing , but preparations reduced losses to just several thousand dollars , and no post @-@ storm accidents took place .
He did tie Koufax for the only Dodgers pitchers with multiple double digit strikeout games in the playoffs .
The caused about NT $ 200 ( [UNK] , $ 115 million USD ) in crop damage , and killed three people .
He played in 12 games and had ten receptions for 96 yards and one touchdown for the 1950 Lions .
American ordnance experts accordingly preferred smoothbore monsters whose round shot could at least ' skip ' along the surface of the water .
Victory at Austerlitz also gave Napoleon the latitude to create a buffer zone of German states between France and the states of Prussia , Russia , and Austria .
In 2013 , the Writers Guild of America ranked the screenplay number 38 on its list of 101 greatest screenplays .
Keiser decided the patrol should cross the river at the [UNK] ferry .
He had cruised through the first six innings while allowing only two hits ( both solo homers ) and surrendered six runs in the seventh .
In April 2015 , Stevens led the Celtics to the NBA Playoffs as the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference with a 40 – 42 record .
Following the end of the war , the squadron operated in the transport role and ferried Australian prisoners of war home from various locations in South East Asia .
A dense covering of scales is also seen in larvae and adults .
All of the Olmec colossal heads depict mature men with flat noses and fleshy cheeks ; the eyes tend to be slightly crossed .
Ise hosted Edward , Prince of Wales , and his aide @-@ de @-@ camp Lieutenant Louis Mountbatten in 1922 during the prince 's visit to Japan .
His last known descendant is a grandson who requested a grave inscription for the poet from Yuan Zhen in 813 .
The National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá 'ís of the Philippines , the governing body of the Filipino Bahá 'í community , is headquartered near Manila 's eastern border with Makati .
Local banks had been closed for some time and the embassy was unable to pay the FSNs .
Selfridge was prosecuted by Attorney General ( and future Gore gubernatorial opponent ) James Sullivan , and the defense also included arch @-@ Federalist Harrison Gray Otis .
Other taxa have intermediate morphologies that do not fit into any category .
The other carrier air groups were not in much better shape and the Japanese decided to retain the aircraft ashore for use against the American carriers .
The training of the crews lasted far longer than anticipated and only in June 1942 the 274th became operational .
The first primarily aquatic feeders were [UNK] in the Permian .
Following a hiatus of two years , Louis [UNK] was hired as rabbi in 1963 .
While Clara is putting the children to bed , the frozen body of the governess breaks into the house .
It was 6 metres ( 19 ft 8 in ) high and designed to stow nine aircraft .
He was also named as a finalist for the Henry Iba Coach of the Year Award .
The Chicago Film Critics Association and the Broadcast Film Critics Association named the film the best of 1999 , but while the New York Film Critics Circle , the National Society of Film Critics and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association recognized American Beauty , they gave their top awards to other films .
Until then , he had been highly regarded but capable of only occasional brilliance .
Guitarist [UNK] has been credited for encouraging a heavier , hardcore punk @-@ influenced musical style .
On the following episode of SmackDown ! , Lesnar returned to his rivalry with Big Show after he injured Rey Mysterio badly during their match at Backlash .
The University Belt refers to the area where there is a high concentration or a cluster of colleges and universities in the city and it is commonly understood as the one where the San Miguel , Quiapo and [UNK] districts meet .
In 2015 , an ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as " the most accomplished athlete in pro wrestling history " .
Veronica is called into a room in the library by Jenny ’ s group , who try to bribe her into not turning them in to the Hearst police .
Kershaw also walked 91 batters , which was second most in the National League ( NL ) .
The Supreme Court has ordered that the oil depot to be relocated outside the city by July 2015 , but it failed to meet this deadline .
Stevens has twice been named the Horizon League Coach of the Year and won [UNK] 's Hugh Durham Award mid @-@ season honors in January 2009 .
At this the light machine gun at the tip of the ridge took them under fire , as did another across the Naktong to the south in the US 25th Infantry Division sector .
The nature and degree of the control exercised by the centres over a widespread rural population remains unclear .
He erected the large Domus Aurea .
The Minister of Home Affairs , William Craig , made an order on 3 October prohibiting the march on the grounds that the Apprentice Boys of Derry were intending to hold a march on the same day .
Four different types of male flowers exist .
The CDO pattern intensities start at T2.5 , equivalent to minimal tropical storm intensity ( 40 mph , 65 km / h ) .
Although some moderate nationalists accepted this as necessary , there was anger among young people .
Bert arrives first and subjects Sarah to a humiliating sexual encounter .
The accompanying music video , directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously directed One Direction 's music videos for " Live While We 're Young " and " Little Things " , was designed to showcase the group 's comedic timing .
The system as it was initially conceived involved pattern matching of cloud features with a development and decay model .
UB @-@ 2 's launch followed on 13 February .
Instead , when the division required armoured support , it summoned it from armoured units outside the division , and the Tetrarchs were used to support infantry patrols and provide fire support .
In 2003 , Veterans Affairs Canada employed the Commission to develop an approach to locate grave markers for which the Canadian Minister of Veterans Affairs has responsibility .
The design effort began in mid @-@ August 1914 and by mid @-@ October the first 15 boats were ordered from two German shipyards .
At the end of a case , Vastra and Jenny converse with an officer from Scotland Yard and apologise for Strax 's violent wishes for the culprit 's punishment .
Malaysia LNG is a Liquefied Natural Gas ( LNG ) manufacturing complex located in Bintulu that currently contains eight LNG trains with a ninth one currently under construction .
The charges were dropped when it was discovered that the substances were a legal growth hormone .
From the level of damage to Lesnar 's system , the surgeon estimated that the intestinal condition had been ongoing for around a year .
The North Korean 2nd and 9th Divisions were almost completely destroyed in the battles .
The sections of the hypothetical infinite filter are made of series elements having impedance 2Z and shunt elements with admittance [UNK] .
These buildings are mostly located along the [UNK] Street of Binondo , which are all unoccupied and can be converted into offices .
He throws his raw talent and ambition up against the best player in the country ; seeking to best the legendary pool player " Minnesota Fats . " After initially losing to Fats and getting involved with unscrupulous manager Bert Gordon , Eddie returns to try again , but only after paying a terrible personal price .
In 2012 , Globalization and World Cities Research Network listed Manila as a global city .
When he debuted , Kershaw was the youngest player in MLB , a title he held for one full year .
Stevens remains in close touch with the Butler basketball family ; he notably took a one @-@ game leave from the Celtics in January 2016 to visit with Andrew Smith , a player on both of Butler 's Final Four teams who was dying of cancer ; Smith died less than a week later .
Ise was converted at Kure Naval Arsenal from 23 February to 5 September 1943 and Hyūga at Sasebo Naval Arsenal from 2 May to 30 November .
Tropical activity was enhanced from May to June , and during this period the JMA monitored four tropical storms , while the PAGASA monitored a fifth storm off the eastern Philippines .
His 4 @,@ 500 French opposed 2 @,@ 600 Russians and forced them back toward Stein while pressing an attack along the river .
The change was a practical decision , as the production was behind schedule and they needed to cut costs .
As a result the Gores moved to England that year , establishing a residence in the fashionable Hyde Park area .
It is currently being demolished which is expected to be finished before the year 2016 ends , and plans have been set up to turn this 33 hectare facility into a transport hub or even a food park .
It was nominated for and won many other awards and honors , mainly for the direction , writing , and acting .
At Dürenstein a combined force of Russian and Austrian troops trapped a French division commanded by Théodore Maxime Gazan .
" The Snowmen " also contains several references to Sherlock Holmes , including the Doctor dressing up as him .
The plant is staffed with 380 people , of whom 93 % are Malaysians , with 80 % of the staff coming from Sarawak .
On 19 December 2002 , the airport was replaced by a new airport , which is located 23 km ( 14 mi ) away from the town centre .
Free Derry ( Irish : [UNK] [UNK] ) was a self @-@ declared autonomous nationalist area of Derry , Northern Ireland , that existed between 1969 and 1972 .
During this time , palaeontologists considered [UNK] to be amphibians because they possessed three main features : gill arches in juvenile skeletons , indicating they were amphibious for at least the first part of their lives ; ribs that do not connect at the underside of the rib cage ; and deep pits in the skull that were interpreted as space for mucous glands .
He cares deeply for his motherless daughter , Mary , but was unable to attend the annual commencement at her co @-@ educational college .
Thus , Nero had as his paternal grandmother Antonia Major , and also claimed more remote descent from Antonia Minor as a great @-@ grandson — later grandson after Claudius adopted him .
In the climax of the match , Chris Benoit became the only second wrestler to make Lesnar tap out .
The lower @-@ class , slaves , [UNK] of the arena and the theater , and " those who were supported by the famous excesses of Nero " , on the other hand , were upset with the news .
He felt his first take lacked grace , but for the last attempt , he changed the location to the front of a brick wall and added leaves on the ground .
The " virus of utopia " had to be stopped .
He said that Steiner 's fictive Hitler plays " astonishes "2 , making " astonishes "3 , something the real Hitler had perfected .
Gore spent most of his later years at his country estate in Waltham , suffering from worsening rheumatoid arthritis that made walking increasingly difficult .
Operation California began in 1979 as " a relief organization created to provide aid to Vietnamese Boat People and Cambodian refugees " , founded by Richard Walden ( still active as President & CEO ) and Llewellyn Werner ( who left in early 1980 ) .
Wes Bentley , Chris Cooper , and Allison Janney also feature .
The Bintulu night market is located on Kampung Dagang road .
[UNK] include larger [UNK] like [UNK] .
Australia , managed by the Office of Australian War Graves in the Australian Department of Veterans Affairs on behalf of the CWGC , is responsible for Australia , Norfolk Island , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands .
When Taylor was forced to drop out of Seesaw because of shooting overruns on Cleopatra , Newman was freed up to take the role , which he accepted after reading just half of the script .
French manufacturers used the Siemens @-@ Martin process to produce adequate steel , but British technology lagged behind .
During the latest Carboniferous and Early Permian around 300 Mya , several groups , such as the [UNK] and [UNK] evolved strong , robust limbs and vertebrae and became adapted to life on land while others such as the [UNK] , developed into large semiaquatic predators .
Over two meetings — the first with Cooper , Walter Parkes , and Laurie MacDonald , the second with Cooper alone — Mendes pitched himself to the studio .
Unlike modern temnospondyl classification , however , Romer included the primitive [UNK] in the group .
” He highlighted this ambiguity in both Weevil in Logan , elaborating that Logan attacking Piz showed an interesting side to his personality that had not been present all season .
Nero 's father was described by Suetonius as a murderer and a cheat who was charged by Emperor Tiberius with treason , adultery and incest .
The Weser boats were capable of nearly 7 @.@ 5 knots ( 13 @.@ 9 km / h ; 8 @.@ 6 mph ) on the surface and a little more than 6 knots ( 11 km / h ; 6 @.@ 9 mph ) submerged .
The Warrior 's Armstrong guns suffered from both problems ; the shells were unable to penetrate the 4 @.@ 5 in ( 118 mm ) armor of Gloire , while sometimes the screw which closed the breech flew backwards out of the gun on firing .
On January 13 , 2009 , they released their seventh studio album , New World Orphans .
Several of the first boats underwent trials in German home waters , but the rest were assembled and tested at either Antwerp or Pola .
On 27 June , each squadron contributed an aircraft to a four @-@ hour raid over Lae and Salamaua during which , as well as bombs , the RAAF crews dropped beer bottles to disrupt the enemy soldiers ' sleep — the sound they made falling through the air was , according to the official history , " something between a shrill whistle and a scream " .
All of NK II Corps was in a similar state , and the North Korean army , exhausted at Pusan Perimeter and cut off after Inchon , was on the brink of defeat .
Additionally , the vessels contained 660 watertight compartments to preserve buoyancy in the event of battle damage .
The city 's , and in general the country 's main sport is basketball , and most barangays have a makeshift basketball court , with court markings drawn on the streets .
The next day , the typhoon turned to the northeast due to another approaching trough .
However , his advice continued to be unappreciated , and in the summer of 758 he was demoted to a post as Commissioner of Education in [UNK] .
Kershaw finished 2012 with a 14 – 9 record , a 2 @.@ 53 ERA ( leading the league ) , 229 strikeouts , and [UNK] ⁄ 3 innings pitched , coming second in both categories .
The original Little Gidding community was built for living on monastic lines , but the community was damaged and dispersed by Puritan forces during the English Civil War in 1646 .
Dupont had demonstrated his tactical acumen : when he heard cannon fire , he directed his troops toward it to support the French division .
Rossen was named Best Director by the New York Film Critics Circle Awards and Rossen and Carroll shared the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Written Drama .
A relative of Thurstan , the Archbishop of York , Osbert probably owed his ecclesiastical positions to this relative .
With the help of executives Glenn Williamson and Bob Cooper , and Steven Spielberg in his capacity as studio partner , Ball was convinced to develop the project at DreamWorks ; he received assurances from the studio — known at the time for its more conventional fare — that it would not " iron the [ edges ] out " .
Her career received a significant boost when her work was included in the National Gallery of Victoria 's 2006 Landmarks exhibition and its catalogue ; her painting was printed opposite that of [UNK] Tommy Watson , who was by this time famous , particularly for his contribution to the design of a new building for the Musée du quai Branly .
Choi @-@ wan continued gradually intensifying , becoming a typhoon on September 20 to the southeast of Japan .
The ability of the tympanum and stapes to effectively transmit vibrations is called impedance matching .
Her principal role was for combat in the English Channel and other European waters ; and while her coal supplies gave her enough range to cross the Atlantic , she would have had little endurance on the other side of the ocean .
Brad Stevens has also volunteered his time to the Jukes Foundation for Kids , a charity benefiting Ugandan children run by former Butler player Avery Jukes .
The city , along with the rest of the nation , elects 12 senators as one at @-@ large district .
Josepha [UNK] 's works are strongly coloured and formalist in composition and regularly appear at commercial art auctions in Australia .
The 2010 Claxton Shield was the 57th Claxton Shield tournament , the premier baseball competition in Australia , and was held from 6 November 2009 to 7 February 2010 .
Lesnar would defeat Angle , after delivering an F @-@ 5 , to win his second WWE Championship .
‡ — A game postponed from Round 3 , held in Round 9 , was played with South Australia as the away team and Victoria Aces as the home team , despite being played at Norwood Oval , Adelaide , South Australia .
In August , Filipović took over command of the battalion from Roso .
Russian commander Mikhail Andreyevich [UNK] would approach Gazan 's division from the east , supported by Petr Bagration 's corps , and pin the French in place .
The Marines who had been doused in fuel during the refueling were able to take a shower and wash their clothes .
The North Korean strategy was to aggressively pursue UN and ROK forces on all avenues of approach south and to engage them aggressively , attacking from the front and initiating a double envelopment of both flanks of the unit , which allowed the North Koreans to surround and cut off the opposing force , which would then be forced to retreat in disarray , often leaving behind much of its equipment .
q = .
The La [UNK] head is more or less rounded and measures 3 by 3 metres ( 9 @.@ 8 by 9 @.@ 8 ft ) by 3 @.@ 4 metres ( 11 ft ) high , making it the largest known head .
In 2014 , Kershaw continued to support the children of Zambia , with partnership with CURE International , raising funds to pay for 170 children 's surgeries and new medical equipment for CURE hospital in Lusaka .
After his senior year , Stevens received the Coaches ’ Award .
However , the release date for the album was pushed back until August 22 .
In contrast to the Cross of Sacrifice , the design for the stone deliberately avoided " shapes associated with particular religions " .
As they arrived , a group of about 100 to 150 Somalis were attempting to enter the embassy compound via ladders on the wall , but scattered as the helicopters arrived .
[UNK] species have a long history of human utilisation .
The feature was designed using the principle of [UNK] .
[UNK] or [UNK] ( [UNK] or [UNK] ; c . 670 – 734 ) was the tenth Archbishop of Canterbury from 731 to 734 .
He struck out the first batter he faced , Skip [UNK] , the first of seven strikeouts in the game , in which he pitched six innings and allowed two runs .
Instead , Bert orders Eddie never to walk into a big @-@ time pool hall again .
On 15 March 2011 , [UNK] was ruled out for five weeks following a knee injury , so Amos was recalled from Oldham to cover for Edwin van der Sar and Tomasz [UNK] .
The head was discovered by a magnetometer survey in 1994 ; it was found buried , lying face upwards in the bottom of a ravine and was excavated by Ann [UNK] .
As of July 14 , 2016 , he is # 8 in official UFC heavyweight rankings .
Afterwards , Guerrero went to pin Lesnar but Lesnar kicked out at two .
Major Siad demanded that the evacuation cease immediately because the Somali government had not granted the US permission to carry out such a military operation .
The face has a broadly smiling expression that reveals four of the upper teeth .
Harris announced he would be stepping down as rabbi in 2011 , and the synagogue hired Boris Dolin as his successor .
In storm information below , wind @-@ speed advisories differ from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) to the JMA as the JTWC uses the United States criteria of 1 @-@ minute mean to designate maximum sustained winds , while the JMA uses the 10 @-@ minute mean wind criteria to designate tropical cyclone maximum sustained winds .
Not wishing to become involved in matters , the Doctor instructs Strax to bring him a memory worm that will erase the last hour of Clara 's memories with just a touch .
Early in the first round , Carwin knocked Lesnar down with punch , gave him a cut above his left eye , and used a ground and pound attack the rest of the round .
Paintings by [UNK] portray two different groups of dreamings , rendered in two distinct styles .
Newman also used electronic music and on " quirkier " tracks employed more unorthodox methods , such as tapping metal mixing bowls with a finger and using a detuned mandolin .
Each ear has a prominent ear ornament that descends from the earlobe to the base of the monument .
At the request of the ambassadors , a formal session with the ships ' senior officers was held to express their thanks .
He was also the 2002 King of the Ring and the 2003 Royal Rumble winner , making him the youngest King of the Ring and Royal Rumble winner as well .
Below is a cladogram from Laurin and Reisz ( 1999 ) placing Temnospondyli outside crown [UNK] : .
King of the Ring ( 2002 ) .
He ordered Christians to be thrown to dogs , while others were crucified and burned .
Murison concludes that Nerva 's real talents were in fact ill @-@ suited to the emperorship : .
By 1 July , No. 20 Squadron 's strength was six Catalinas and 175 personnel , out of a planned establishment of nine aircraft and 415 personnel .
Washington , D.C. A replica of San Lorenzo Head 4 sculpted by Ignacio Perez Solano was placed near the Constitution Avenue entrance of the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History in October 2001 .
Henry Iba Coach of the Year Award finalist ( 2009 ) .
In June 1991 , the Kumrovec SPU was transferred to [UNK] Peak north of Zagreb leaving Kumrovec base to the Zrinski Battalion , as well as the second special forces unit , the Frankopan Battalion .
Immediately following the First World War , the British Army remained responsible for the exhumation of remains .
The game 's 55 levels include power @-@ ups , bonus rounds , and minigames .
The stadium , which was previously unfit for international matches , had undergone a major renovation program prior to the match .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) announced that the name [UNK] had its name retired due to extensive damage .
In the aftermath of Typhoon [UNK] , the lack of infrastructure led to one of the worst [UNK] in the Philippines and creating a significant amount of pollution .
Overhead belly @-@ to @-@ belly , sometimes into or out of the ring .
The regimental commander planned to place the engineers on the chain of low hills that arched around Yongsan on the northwest .
As a tropical storm , Chan @-@ hom caused some damage to homes and crops on Chuuk , mostly due to heavy rains brought forth by the storm .
[UNK] normally proceeds downward to the base of the tooth , but calcification from the tip stops abruptly in pedicellate teeth .
The launch of HMS Dreadnought in 1906 by the Royal Navy raised the stakes , and complicated Japan 's plans .
She learns that Latimer 's daughter has been having horrible dreams about their previous governess returning from the dead .
John Jay traveled to London in 1794 and negotiated the Jay Treaty , whose ratification Gore vocally supported .
The decision may have been hasty so as to avoid civil war , but neither the Senate nor Nerva appears to have been involved in the conspiracy against Domitian .
By this time , the US 2nd Infantry Division suffered 1 @,@ 120 killed , 2 @,@ 563 wounded , 67 captured and 69 missing during its time at Pusan Perimeter .
The fourth detective reveals himself to be the Doctor , and tells the group that he has retired .
Operation USA collaborated with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the US National Laboratories at Lawrence Livermore and Los Alamos to develop new approaches to land mine detection , is a member of InterAction , and is an [UNK] news partner .
The poem concludes by explaining how sacrifice is needed to allow an individual to die into life and be reborn , and that salvation should be the goal of humankind .
This time , Free Derry was a no @-@ go area , defended by armed members of both the Official and Provisional IRA .
Before the loan deal was completed , he had joined Hull on their pre @-@ season training camp in Portugal .
According to naval historian J. Richard Hill : " The ( ironclad ) had three chief characteristics : a metal @-@ skinned hull , steam propulsion and a main armament of guns capable of firing explosive shells . It is only when all three characteristics are present that a fighting ship can properly be called an ironclad . " Each of these developments was introduced separately in the decade before the first ironclads .
According to Tacitus , this instability was rooted in the fact that emperors could no longer rely on the perceived legitimacy of the imperial bloodline , as Nero and those before him could .
Ranked # 1 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2003 .
At 09 : 35 September 2 , while the North Koreans were attempting to destroy the engineer troops at the southern edge of Yongsan and clear the road to Miryang , Walker spoke by telephone with Major General Doyle O. Hickey , Deputy Chief of Staff , Far East Command in Tokyo .
In January 2006 Stone Sour began recording the follow @-@ up to their 2002 debut album Stone Sour , during which time drummer Joel Ekman left the band due to family constraints .
Each gun had a rate of fire of up to 10 rounds per minute .
In this episode , Weevil ( Francis Capra ) enlists Veronica 's help in proving his innocence when he is implicated in creating fake student IDs .
These excellent ships were built with twin engines and a central paddle wheel , all protected by an armored casement .
The Port of Manila is the largest seaport in the Philippines , making it the premier international shipping gateway to the country .
He replaced the letters representing The New Yorker with The [UNK] .
Paleontologist A.L. Panchen also supported the idea in 1959 , suggesting that [UNK] also fed in this way .
Nero 's contributions to the relief extended to personally taking part in the search for and rescue of victims of the blaze , spending days searching the debris without even his bodyguards .
He became fascinated with the veil or curtain as a motif in painting , and collected many reproductions of works by Titian and Degas in which it is employed .
Show 's attack resulted in Mysterio being carried out on a stretcher and back board and Big Show took Mysterio off the stretcher and swung the back board into the ringpost , compounding the injury .
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars ( Kristen Bell ) as she deals with life as a college student while moonlighting as a private detective .
Clara realises that the pond that contains the old governess ' body is the only thing still frozen around them .
Other features including the shape of the palate and the back of the skull , the short ribs , and the smooth skull surface also point to it being a closer relative of lissamphibians than is [UNK] .
Brad says that the cause really hit home for them after Tracy 's mother died of the disease in June 2004 .
Family [UNK] .
The peace did not last and full @-@ scale war broke out in 58 .
A month later session drummer Roy Mayorga joined Stone Sour on a full @-@ time basis .
The few Austrian corps not trapped at Ulm withdrew toward Vienna , with the French in close pursuit .
[UNK] ... [UNK] THE [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] OF [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] LIKE THIS ONE WILL LAG [UNK] 12 [UNK] [UNK] THE [UNK] [UNK] .
The peaks along the crater 's rim are exposed to almost continual sunlight , while the interior is perpetually in shadow ( a Crater of eternal darkness ) .
The company suffered heavy casualties , including the company commander and Keiser 's aide who had accompanied the force .
The building used " energy efficient heating , ventilation and lighting " : specific design issues with the building 's energy efficiency included the fact that the largest room in the building , the sanctuary , was also the least @-@ used , and , in accord with Jewish tradition , had to face east ( towards Jerusalem ) .
Earlier proposals to convert one or more battleships into carriers had been made and rejected at the beginning of the war , but they were revived after Midway .
Bintulu immigration department has performed several operations to deport illegal immigrants back to their home country .
The U.S. Navy converted four of its monitors to become turretless armored spar @-@ torpedo vessels while under construction in 1864 – 5 , but these vessels never saw action .
Steel became practical to use when a way was found to fuse steel onto wrought iron plates , giving a form of compound armor .
The adoption of Trajan expanded his power base with a respected , reliable general as his successor .
She has to strap her fingers and wrists , and usually dislocates a shoulder during a game .
On the week ending 18 November 2012 , " Kiss You " debuted at number 90 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 due to digital download sales from its parent album .
There was a discussion in the Senate on the misconduct of the freedmen class , and a strong demand was made that patrons should have the right of revoking freedom .
After a Provisional IRA ceasefire , during which it entered talks with the British government , broke down , the British took the decision to move against the " no @-@ go " areas .
Kershaw rebounded his next start by pitching an 8 inning two @-@ hitter and out @-@ dueling the then undefeated Ubaldo Jiménez .
The first bus that serviced the Miri – Bintulu route was owned by Majlis [UNK] Rakyat ( MARA ) .
In the autumn , his youngest son , Du [UNK] ( Baby Bear ) , was born .
American Beauty had its European premiere at the London Film Festival on November 18 , 1999 ; in January 2000 , it began to screen in various territories outside North America .
Museums established by educational institutions include the Mabini Shrine , the Museum of Contemporary Art and Design , UST Museum of Arts and Sciences , and the UP Museum of a History of Ideas .
However , when they arrived at Gibraltar , the Governor would not allow them to land , fearing that once the evacuees were back on the Rock , it would be virtually impossible to evacuate them a second time .
Early positive comments came from Bai Juyi , who praised the moral sentiments of some of Du Fu 's works ( although he found these in only a small fraction of the poems ) , and from Han Yu , who wrote a piece defending Du Fu and Li Bai on aesthetic grounds from attacks made against them .
Vespasian was then dispatched to put down the rebellion .
When she was about a year old , her kidneys started failing .
Tetrarchs did not see any further combat and were deemed obsolete by 1946 ; the last was retired in 1950 .
The University of the City of Manila ( [UNK] ng [UNK] ng [UNK] ) located at Intramuros , and Universidad de Manila located just outside the walled city , are both owned and operated by the Manila city government .
However , problems were encountered with further tests of the prototypes , and a report issued in December 1942 stated that production of the Mark VIII had been delayed due to developmental problems .
Archaeological investigation of Olmec basalt workshops suggest that the colossal heads were first roughly shaped using direct percussion to chip away both large and small flakes of stone .
Because We Care ( CBS Television Special ) .
However , some felt that Grant and McKellen were underused as villains or the plot was slight because of the focus on characterisation .
Following peak intensity , Kujira would begin to track northwest and oscillate in strength , cresting an additional two times in intensity .
With " innumerable voices intruding on the original author 's , " Booth says , those who interpret American Beauty " have forgotten to probe for the elusive center " .
The film ended its North American theatrical run on June 4 , 2000 , having grossed $ 130 @.@ 1 million .
On Hachijō , wind gusts of 214 km / h ( 133 mph ) damaged about 200 houses .
On 14 October Mack sent two columns out of Ulm in preparation for a breakout to the north : one under Johann Sigismund Riesch headed toward Elchingen to secure the bridge there , and the other under Franz von Werneck went north with most of the heavy artillery .
The town is also represented by three state assembly seats – [UNK] , [UNK] ( later was split by two state assembly namely Tanjung Batu and Samalaju ) , and [UNK] – in the Sarawak State Legislative Assembly .
Robert Copsey of Digital Spy noted the song 's possibility to become an international hit , applauding it sonically .
[UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] and [UNK] were placed in this group and were considered to be the most primitive members of [UNK] .
In the same year , The Sixth Sense made $ 22 million , while Fight Club made $ 8 @.@ 1 million , though the latter 's North American theatrical performance was just 29 % that of American Beauty .
In 64 AD , most of Rome was destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome , which many Romans believed Nero himself had started in order to clear land for his planned palatial complex , the Domus Aurea .
As of 2011 , Temple Beth Israel was the largest synagogue in Eugene .
The sisters were not heavily engaged by the early airstrikes which are focusing on the group 's aircraft carriers .
Some garages and isolated structures , mostly lightweight , were partly or totally destroyed , along with a lumber warehouse .
These barangays are further group into 100 zones for administrative and municipal purposes .
Constant k filters , also k @-@ type filters , are a type of electronic filter designed using the image method .
American Film Institute Lists .
Sir James Remnant started the debate , followed by speeches by William Burdett @-@ Coutts in favour of the Commission 's principles and Robert Cecil speaking for those desiring repatriation and opposing uniformity of grave markers .
The head was discovered by Matthew Stirling in 1946 , 550 metres ( 600 yd ) northwest of the principal mound , at the edge of a gully .
After initially moving to the west , it turned to the south , and the JTWC estimated the depression intensified into a tropical storm .
She received temporary repairs during which the turret was removed and replaced by a circular armour plate on which three triple 25 mm gun mounts were positioned .
Shoshana [UNK] joined Temple Beth Israel in 1998 as interim rabbi when Husbands @-@ [UNK] went on a sabbatical ; Jonathan Seidel was assistant rabbi from 2001 to 2003 .
It took over a 16 @,@ 000 yards ( 15 @,@ 000 m ) Naktong River front without its 3rd Battalion which had been attached to the US 1st Cavalry Division to the north .
There is an equestrian statue in Gloucester , England , a town which was founded in his honour .
Given that the filter does not contain any resistive elements , the image impedance in the pass band of the filter is purely real and in the stop band it is purely imaginary .
As a result of an " end @-@ of @-@ year download rush " on the week ending 30 December 2012 , the track re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 83 .
As of the 2010 Malaysian census , the population of the town of Bintulu is 114 @,@ 058 .
Family [UNK] .
[UNK] Indian Cemetery in Germany was unkempt after the end of World War II and until the German reunification because it was located in an area occupied by Russian forces and was not entirely rebuilt until 2005 .
Initially , it relied on former French Foreign Legion troops .
In pursuing the Austrian retreat from Bavaria , Mortier had over @-@ extended his three divisions along the north bank of the Danube .
It was associated with a large number of broken ceramic vessels and figurines .
Upon his death he was succeeded and deified by Trajan .
As with his single " had the possibilities to record this song with very well known people "0 " had the possibilities to record this song with very well known people "1 , at first he never thought to include the song on an album .
The support began to wane after the killing by the Official IRA of a local youth who was home on leave from the British Army .
The storm caused ₱ 131 million ( PHP , $ 2 @.@ 46 million USD ) in damage and 12 deaths .
He did not advance to later rounds .
The Bulldogs got off to a good start , jumping out to a 12 – 1 lead and a 35 – 25 halftime advantage .
Big Ten Conference Champion ( 1999 , 2000 ) .
The oldest primary schools in Miri are St Anthony 's Primary School ( Roman Catholic Mission School ) , Chung Hua Primary School , and the Orang Kaya Mohammad Primary School , which were established in the early 1960s .
Otho overthrew Galba .
To date , they have released nine studio albums , one live album and two compilation albums .
Some of the country 's oldest schools are founded in Intramuros , these are the University of Santo Tomas ( 1611 ) , Colegio de San Juan de [UNK] ( 1620 ) , and Ateneo de Manila University ( 1859 ) .
Lesnar called out the Big Show , who demanded that Lesnar put his title on the line against him .
The respective religious groups are free to hold processions in the town .
[UNK] forces would have been experienced when biting down on prey .
Humidity levels are usually very high all year round .
The shape of the stone has been compared both to that of a sarcophagus and an altar .
His choice was ultimately rejected in favor of a process whereby the House selected a slate of candidates , from which the Senate would choose one .
On 25 February 1994 , the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with parts of other special forces units of the HV : Frankopan Battalion , Ban Jelačić Battalion , Matija [UNK] Battalion , [UNK] [UNK] Battalion and part of 8th Light Assault Brigade forming the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade ( 1 @.@ hrvatski gardijski zdrug ) , a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps ( 1 @.@ hrvatski gardijski [UNK] ) , directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence rather than the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia .
The division continued onwards to Lingga .
Women and girls made milk @-@ bottle crates of petrol bombs for supply to the youths in the front line and " Radio Free Derry " broadcast to the fighters and their families .
Ambassador Bishop clearly explained his rationale to the security detail , which was to avoid any impression that they were intervening in the violence in Mogadishu .
Type UB I boats destined for service with the Flanders Flotilla made a five @-@ day journey to Antwerp for the two- to three @-@ week assembly process .
Several reviewers noted on how it helped to further establish Stone Sour .
Although direct mail campaigning was prohibited , DreamWorks reached voters by promoting the film in " casual , comfortable settings " in voters ' communities .
He collects the ice fragments from the governess and places them in a souvenir London Underground biscuit tin .
PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility and any tropical cyclone that might move into their area of responsibility .
In 67 , Nero attempted to have a canal dug at the Isthmus of Corinth .
Now people say I can 't play football , that it 's a joke .
CD single .
She finished the race in 12 @.@ 55 seconds , placing seventh ; she defeated the Democratic Republic of the Congo 's Franka Magali ( 12 @.@ 57 seconds ) and fell behind Papua New Guinea 's Mae [UNK] ( 11 @.@ 68 seconds ) in a heat led by Nigeria 's Damola Osayomi ( 11 @.@ 13 seconds ) and the Bahamas ' Debbie Ferguson @-@ McKenzie ( 11 @.@ 17 seconds ) .
He was quickly fouled with less than 4 seconds remaining .
Gore led the Federalists to victory in 1809 against Sullivan 's successor , Levi Lincoln , Sr. , who had taken over as acting governor upon Sullivan 's death late in 1808 .
UB @-@ 1 and UB @-@ 2 were laid down on 1 November 1914 at the Germaniawerft yard at Kiel .
A 1 @.@ 5 mi ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) road on Eleuthera was destroyed .
Arjona appeared on a television special in 2011 to promote Independiente .
By 18 January 2013 , the song had not been officially promoted to US radio stations .
The Butler players had a meeting with athletic director Barry Collier , urging him to promote from within .
A large flap formed of four cords drops down both sides of the head , completely covering the ears .
The mouth is sensitively carved and the head possesses a pronounced chin .
The apparition of these faces in the crowd ; .
He was subsequently considered a saint .
His wife [UNK] is one of the few women cited in the [UNK] .
The British , growing suspicious of some of the saboteurs , banned them from entering Gibraltar .
Besides his ecclesiastical career , [UNK] was a writer , and riddles he composed survive .
The squadron continued to train as an air @-@ portable unit , and participated in a number of exercises to prepare for its new duties , including reconnaissance of enemy positions and counter @-@ attacking enemy infantry and armour .
The majority of the Bintulu population are adherents of Christian denominations due to Christian missionaries operating during the Brooke dynasty ; followed by Islam , Buddhism , and Hinduism .
It was removed in 2011 and relocated to Jobe 's Glen , Jalapa Park in June 2012 .
Many portraits of Nero were reworked to represent other figures ; according to Eric R. Varner , over fifty such images survive .
The backs of the monuments often are flat .
It consists of a list of short term priority projects and medium to long term infrastructure projects that will last up to 2030 .
A Company withdrew to positions on the ridge line back of the river .
All types of public road transport are privately owned and operated under government franchise .
He signed with the Vikings on July 27 and played in several preseason games for the team .
Regardless , Mack sent an enthusiastic report to Vienna on the military 's readiness .
The season began with the formation of Tropical Storm [UNK] on January 15 .
He was praetor @-@ elect in the year 65 and , like his ancestors , moved in imperial circles as a skilled diplomat and strategist .
Later that year , elements of the battalion took part in Operation Tiger — aimed at lifting of the Siege of Dubrovnik .
Seven Union monitors , including USS Montauk , as well as two other ironclads , the ironclad frigate New Ironsides and a light @-@ draft USS Keokuk , participated in the failed attack on Charleston ; one was sunk .
Bradley Kent " Brad " Stevens ( born October 22 , 1976 ) is an American professional basketball head coach for the Boston Celtics of the NBA .
After completing her sea trials , Ise was attached to the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy at Etajima and ferried troops and munitions to the naval base at Truk in October .
Moving westward initially , the depression turned more to the north into an area of increasing wind shear .
When King left his post in May 1803 he named Gore to head the London embassy as chargé d 'affaires .
On March 25 , 2010 , Butler faced top @-@ seeded Syracuse .
The same day , Seán Keenan announced that the [UNK] was to be dissolved .
At the eastern village limits , NY 93 briefly widens to four lanes as it enters a partial cloverleaf interchange with the Niagara Scenic Parkway .
The sisters were refitted in late 1940 in preparation for war , which included the fitting of external degaussing coils and additional AA directors .
He was assigned to its developmental promotion Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) , where he was a three @-@ time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Shelton Benjamin .
Together with the rest of the Philippines , Manila lies entirely within the tropics .
The French navy built the first ironclad to try to gain a strategic advantage over the British , but were consistently out @-@ built by the British .
Prior to becoming archbishop , he was a monk and abbot of a Benedictine monastery .
Krovanh 's effects were much more severe in China .
Below is a cladogram from [UNK] et al .
When Agrippina survived , he had her executed by Anicetus and framed it as a suicide .
At the conclusion of the regular season , the Victoria Aces finished in first place with a 17 – 7 record , earning home @-@ field advantage for the three @-@ game championship series .
It is also one of the largest granular urea plants in Asia .
Travelling in disguise , Nero and four loyal freedmen , [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] , reached the villa , where Nero ordered them to dig a grave for him .
( [UNK] of stereochemistry may be further enhanced by the addition of a fluoride salt ) .
Exceptions were made in two cases that allowed teams ' active rosters to expand to 21 players , both times for the same reason .
During combat in Gospić , 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion , assisted by Lučko SPU , captured JNA Major General [UNK] [UNK] , along with three armoured personnel carriers ( APCs ) and 32 soldiers .
Suborder [UNK] .
It is thought that some [UNK] [UNK] over time through a [UNK] intermediate .
He is also the head of the executive department of the city .
Two @-@ hundred and fifty British and Australian bodies were excavated from five mass graves which were interred in the newly constructed Fromelles ( Pheasant Wood ) Military Cemetery .
Called out of retirement for this specific task , he was one of their most experienced general staff officers , other than the Archduke Charles .
The weather had been cold ; an early storm had left slick icy mud in the roadways , and icicles " like chandeliers " hung from the trees .
The other head was found in Complex B to the south of the Great Pyramid , in a plaza that included a number of other sculptures .
Recorded in the United States and Mexico , it was produced by Arjona with Dan Warner , Lee Levin and Puerto Rican singer @-@ songwriter Tommy Torres .
Mortar fragments destroyed the radio and this ended all communication with other US units .
The geometry of the structure was based on studies of the Parthenon .
On 21 February 2015 he made his Bolton debut as a substitute for the injured Lonergan as Wanderers lost 4 – 1 to Nottingham Forest at the City Ground .
The squadron played no further part in the battle , as the Vichy French authorities negotiated a formal surrender the following day , although French troops would continue to engage the British occupying force in guerrilla warfare until late November .
Even though remnants of the NK 9th Division , supported by the low strength NK 4th Division , still held Obong @-@ ni Ridge , Cloverleaf Hill , and the intervening ground back to the Naktong on September 6 , the division 's offensive strength had been spent at the end of the American counterattack .
The remnants weakened , later turning to the southeast and dissipating on November 11 southwest of California .
Osbert was a benefactor to a number of monasteries , including Drax Priory , Pontefract Priory and Gisborough Priory .
Furthermore , the AFP Joint Task Force @-@ National Capital Region was created in 2012 to ensure peace and stability in Metro Manila , of which Manila is a part .
Kershaw picked up his 100th career win on May 15 against the Rockies .
The depression moved through Kyushu and Honshu before dissipating on October 13 .
Production of the tank was delayed by a number of factors .
There were 64 deaths in the country .
However , he felt the character @-@ heavy story was to the detriment of the plot , which was " a classic Who set @-@ up that ultimately suffers from a lack of explanation [ and ] more set @-@ pieces than a coherent whole " .
When Eddie is ready to play , he agrees to Bert 's terms , deciding that a " 25 % slice of something big is better than a 100 % slice of nothing " .
Among the daily activities in this village are [UNK] processing , fish drying , and the manufacturing of [UNK] , [UNK] ( salted shrimp ) , Terendak ( Melanau headgear ) , and [UNK] ( a type of food cover ) .
These first three boats launched underwent trials in home waters , but most of the other members of the class were shipped via rail and underwent trials at their assembly point .
Head I , completed late in 1948 , is considered more successful than Head II .
Together , Schmitt , Kutuzov and the other generals , with von [UNK] 's advice on the local terrain , concocted a plan to encircle the French at Dürenstein .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 5 is also known as San Lorenzo Monument 5 .
In an interview , frontman Jared Gomes stated that their album for 2013 titled Ascension would be released within the first half of 2014 .
On the cusp of having sex with Angela , he returns to himself after she admits her virginity .
On September 2 , Kershaw picked up his 200th strikeout of 2013 , joining Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax and Don Drysdale as the only starters in Dodgers history with at least 4 consecutive seasons of more than 200 strikeouts .
The deaths of two leading [UNK] in a premature explosion in June 1970 resulted in young militants becoming more prominent in the organization .
Christian writer Tertullian ( c . 155 – 230 ) was the first to call Nero the first persecutor of Christians .
The police , who were at the scene , chatted to the B @-@ Specials as they prepared their ambush , and then failed to protect the marchers , many of whom ran into the river and were pelted with stones from the bank .
The American carriers were spread out and it was very late in the day to launch an airstrike , so Admiral William Halsey , commander of the Third Fleet decided to mass his carriers in a position to attack the following morning .
His final turning point comes when Angela and he almost have sex ; after she confesses her virginity , he no longer thinks of her as a sex object , but as a daughter .
In this engagement alone , the Austrians lost more than half their reserve artillery park , 6 @,@ 000 ( out of 8 @,@ 000 total participants ) dead , wounded or captured and four colors .
By 2012 , she was the top @-@ ranked Australian competitor in her event and class .
Allmusic 's Rob Theakston wrote that " Back 2 Base X suffers from the same problems as Amerika : it tries to be conceptual in thought à la Tool and vicious in its political commentary à la Fugazi or System of a Down , but somehow falls short by sounding like an angry stoner on a soapbox . It won 't win any new fans , but existing fans of ( hed ) pe 's work won 't be turning their backs away from the band in anger anytime soon , either . " .
After the fire , Nero opened his palaces to provide shelter for the homeless , and arranged for food supplies to be delivered in order to prevent starvation among the survivors .
He also knew that Gazan had crossed at Linz and was well ahead of any French reinforcements : Dupont had crossed at Passau and , by 10 November , stood at Marbach , 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) upstream , and [UNK] was another 7 kilometers ( 4 mi ) further behind him .
The subsequent Peace of Pressburg , signed on 26 December 1805 , reinforced the earlier treaties of Campo Formio and Lunéville .
In places prone to extreme weather or earthquakes , such as Thailand and Turkey , stone @-@ faced pedestal markers are used instead of the normal headstones .
In the first decade of the 21st century evidence emerged of Olmec writing , with the earliest examples of Olmec hieroglyphs dating to around 650 BC .
A clandestine radio station calling itself " Radio Free Derry " began broadcasting to residents , playing rebel songs and encouraging resistance .
In 1948 , President Elpidio Quirino moved the seat of government of the Philippines to Quezon City , a new capital city in the suburbs and fields northeast of Manila , created in 1938 by former President Manuel L. Quezon , which was named after him .
Although both [UNK] operated openly , neither was in control of Free Derry .
Later , as a loyalist to the Flavians , he attained consulships in 71 and 90 during the reigns of Vespasian and Domitian respectively .
The storm moved very closely along the track it took several days prior .
While awaiting their air group the sister ships were sometimes used to ferry troops and material to Japanese bases .
The following year , Pound and Flint fell out over their different interpretations of the history and goals of the group arising from an article on the history of Imagism written by Flint and published in The Egoist in May 1915 .
For the plastic @-@ bag footage , Mendes used wind machines to move the bag in the air .
Hugh Durham Award for Mid @-@ major Coach of the Year finalist ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 ) .
It is situated on the eastern shore of Manila Bay and contains a multitude of landmarks , some of which date back to the 16th century , such as the Spanish colonial era Walled City of Intramuros .
Soon after his return to the United States , Gore reentered state politics , winning election to the Massachusetts Senate .
The 9th Infantry Regiment had planned Task Force Manchu on orders from the 2nd Division commander Major General Laurence B. Keiser , which in turn had received instructions from Eighth United States Army commander Lieutenant General Walton Walker for aggressive patrolling .
The moon impact probe ( [UNK] ) was launched from the Indian Chandrayaan @-@ I spacecraft and reached the surface 25 minutes later .
She took on a 5 @-@ degree list that was quickly corrected before she was ordered to tow the crippled carrier Chiyoda to safety .
Jackson did visit Boston , but he was greeted not by Gore , but Gerry .
On May 14 , Kershaw passed the 1 @,@ 000 inning mark for his career .
Towards the end of World War II , during the Battle of Manila most of the city was flattened by intensive aerial bombardment by the United States Air Force .
That year the Republicans were in the majority , and the election for governor was close enough to require a recount .
Lester 's attempts to relive his youth are a direct result of his lust for Angela , and the state of his relationship with Carolyn is in part shown through their lack of sexual contact .
Patrols daily had to open the main supply road and clear the town .
In the latter city , the storm spawned a tornado , which caused about $ 10 @,@ 000 in property damage .
Portions of Gazan 's force provided any necessary rear guard action , and the following morning the remaining men were evacuated from the north shore of the Danube , while they maintained possession of only Spitz and [UNK] on the north bank .
He had already discussed the film with Jinks and Cohen , and felt they supported him .
Lesnar had previously signed a non @-@ compete clause in order to be released from his contract with WWE , which prohibited him from working for any other professional wrestling companies before June 2010 .
With the Visayan @-@ born Arsenio [UNK] as its first elected mayor in 1952 ( all mayors were appointed prior to this ) , Manila underwent The Golden Age , once again earning its status as the " Pearl of the Orient " , a moniker it earned before the Second World War .
The Principal Architect for Mesopotamia was Edward Prioleau Warren .
[UNK] played professionally in the National Football League ( NFL ) with the Detroit Lions for one season in 1950 .
For example , in his 1911 – 12 series of essays I gather the limbs of Osiris , Pound writes of Daniel 's line " [UNK] de [UNK] m 'es [UNK] " ( " it rests me to think of her " ) ( from the canzone En [UNK] [UNK] 'l temps [UNK] ) : " You cannot get statement simpler than that , or clearer , or less rhetorical " .
The transition occurs at a cut @-@ off frequency given by .
However , after putting down this one rebel , [UNK] ' legions attempted to proclaim their own commander as Emperor .
Cassius Dio ( c . 155 – 229 ) was the son of Cassius [UNK] , a Roman senator .
In 2010 , his third year as head coach , Stevens broke the NCAA record for most wins in a coach 's first three years , exceeding the previous record by eight .
Credits are taken from Independiente liner notes .
This compound armor was used by the British in ships built from the late 1870s , first for turret armor ( starting with HMS Inflexible ) and then for all armor ( starting with HMS Colossus of 1882 ) .
In addition , their sterns were lengthened by 7 @.@ 62 metres ( 25 @.@ 0 ft ) .
Lesnar was diagnosed with a legitimate concussion from the botched shooting star press .
It tells the story of small @-@ time pool hustler " Fast Eddie " Felson and his desire to break into the " major league " of professional hustling and high @-@ stakes wagering by high @-@ rollers that follows it .
North of the 9th Infantry sector of the 2nd Infantry Division front along the Naktong , the US 23rd Infantry Regiment on August 29 had just relieved the 3rd Battalion of the US 38th Infantry Regiment , which in turn had only a few days before relieved the US 21st Infantry Regiment of the US 24th Infantry Division .
Between Dürenstein and Stein , on the flood plain , lay the hamlets of [UNK] and [UNK] .
The Ise @-@ class ships were selected for the conversion because Hyūga had suffered an explosion in Turret No. 5 in early May that virtually destroyed the turret and their Turret No. 6 could not elevate to the full + 43 degrees deemed necessary for the long @-@ range engagement anticipated by the IJN .
Radar images of the crater at a wavelength of 13 cm show no evidence for water ice deposits .
Gore entered politics in 1788 , serving briefly in the Massachusetts legislature before being appointed U.S. District Attorney for Massachusetts .
The album includes " Fuiste Tú " , a duet with Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno .
Other historians who lived through the period ( including Josephus , Dio Chrysostom , Plutarch and Epictetus ) make no mention of it in what remains of their work .
NY 31B began at an intersection with its parent route , NY 31 , in the Cayuga County village of Weedsport .
There is also a central prison in Bintulu , which doubles as a correctional centre .
Most of its production was handled by three producers familiar with Arjona 's work : Dan Warner , Lee Levin and Dan Rudin .
Monument 2 has suffered erosion damage from its exposure to the elements prior to discovery .
At the 5 : 32 mark , Syracuse got a rare fast break opportunity that ended with a dunk and 54 – 50 lead .
When excavated , it was found to be lying on its right @-@ hand side and in a very good state of preservation .
= 1 henry and capacitance C = .
Other [UNK] , such as [UNK] , have been found with small , disc @-@ like bony scutes that were in life probably embedded in the skin .
Sports Illustrated .
However other craters in the vicinity are considerably older , and may contain significant deposits of hydrogen , possibly in the form of water ice .
The urgency of the threat to Pusan Perimeter prompted the US Marine Corps 1st Provisional Marine Brigade to be brought in to reinforce the US Army troops .
The hurricane moved across the state , passing near Tampa before moving into Georgia and dissipating .
The great advantage Campbell 's filters had over the RL circuit and other simple filters of the time was that they could be designed for any desired degree of stop band rejection or steepness of transition between pass band and stop band .
Hall used a 1 / 8 inch Tiffen Black [UNK] filter for almost every scene , which he said in retrospect may not have been the best choice , as the optical steps required to blow Super 35 up for its anamorphic release print led to a slight amount of degradation ; therefore , the diffusion from the filter was not required .
Imagists use free verse .
Studio albums .
In 2011 , Lesnar published an autobiography titled Death Clutch : My Story of Determination , Domination , and Survival ( ISBN 978 @-@ [UNK] ) .
Bintulu Promenade is a 3 @-@ kilometre ( 2 mi ) walkway along the Bintulu coastline with the [UNK] River mouth as its focal point .
The ends of the belt armour were closed off by bulkheads that ranged in thickness from 203 to 102 mm ( 8 to 4 in ) .
Mendes is indecisive , saying the script seemed to be about something different each time he read it : " a mystery story , a kaleidoscopic journey through American suburbia , a series of love stories ; [ ... ] it was about imprisonment , [ ... ] loneliness , [ and ] beauty . It was funny ; it was angry , sad . " The literary critic and author Wayne C. Booth concludes that the film resists any one interpretation : " [ American Beauty ] cannot be adequately summarized as ' here is a satire on what 's wrong with American life ' ; that plays down the celebration of beauty . It is more tempting to summarize it as ' a portrait of the beauty underlying American miseries and misdeeds ' , but that plays down the scenes of cruelty and horror , and Ball 's disgust with our mores . It cannot be summarized with either Lester or Ricky 's philosophical statements about what life is or how one should live . " He argues that the problem of interpreting the film is tied with that of finding its center — a controlling voice who " [ unites ] all of the choices " .
It was acquired by the Arts Council 's Hayward Gallery in 1952 .
Along with Li Bai ( Li Po ) , he is frequently called the greatest of the Chinese poets .
At 11 : 00 Walker ordered US Marine Corps Brigadier General Edward A. Craig , commanding the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade , to prepare the marines to move at once .
<formula> .
Enormous gladiatorial shows were also held .
For example , when Mendes used a slow push in to the Burnhams ' dinner table , he held the shot because his training as a theater director taught him the importance of putting distance between the characters .
SM UB @-@ 12 .
There is a wharf terminal at Bintulu that serves the rural areas of Bintulu Division .
After six months of fighting in which the Austrians had enjoyed little good news , the Coalition could claim a difficult and timely victory .
Community organizations , including a local gay rights group , responded by standing vigil outside the synagogue during Passover services .
Feud of the Year ( 2015 ) vs. The Undertaker .
The Austrian cavalry unsuccessfully tried to fend off the French , but the Austrian infantry broke and ran .
Series creator Rob Thomas included the scene in which Logan attacks Piz on his list of highlights from the third season .
The top three teams at the conclusion of the ten rounds of regular @-@ season games qualified .
In the fiscal year 2012 / 13 , these grants amounted to £ 58 @.@ 6 million of the organisation 's £ 66 @.@ 5 million of income .
Initially , the best armor @-@ piercing projectile was a solid cast @-@ iron shot .
Due to the Japanese occupation of the Philippines , American soldiers were ordered to withdraw from the city and all military installations were removed on December 24 , 1941 .
He actively sought out this freedom and felt it crucial to his progression as an artist .
Within the Dvorak satellite strength estimate for tropical cyclones , there are several visual patterns that a cyclone may take on which define the upper and lower bounds on its intensity .
Wrestler of the Year ( 2002 , 2014 ) .
Maslin felt that Mendes directed with " terrific visual flair " , saying his minimalist style balanced " the mordant and bright " and that he evoked the " delicate , eroticized power @-@ playing vignettes " of his theater work .
Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times said the actors coped " handling of innuendo , subtle sarcasm , and blunt talk "0 with what were difficult roles ; he called Spacey 's performance " handling of innuendo , subtle sarcasm , and blunt talk "1 , saying the actor commanded audience involvement despite Lester not always being sympathetic .
During his first run in WWE , Lesnar developed addictions to both alcohol and painkillers , allegedly drinking a bottle of vodka per day and taking hundreds of Vicodin pills per month to manage the pain caused by wear and tear on his body ; he named his accident at WrestleMania XIX as a particular source of pain .
Stevens was named to the all @-@ conference team three times .
View of the World has been parodied by Ted Rall , Columbia Pictures , The New Yorker , The Economist and Mad Magazine , among others .
Somewhere between 29 and 67 species are recognised in the genus , with estimates of as many as 100 .
Stevens received fan letters from around the world , and his phone rang off the hook .
She was runner @-@ up in 2009 , and won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events .
In addition to Hope 's Home and Kershaw 's Challenge , he has also helped with other programs in Los Angeles , such as helping Habitat for Humanity demolish and rehabilitate a house in Lynwood , California .
Kershaw was the Dodgers ' Opening Day starter for the second year in a row , where he pitched three innings of shutout ball against the San Diego Padres at Petco Park before being removed from the game due to flu @-@ like symptoms .
The plant is built to ensure efficient use of energy and reduce green house gas emissions .
To him , the figure seems to " resist the maltreatment of image and tries to halt the impending collapse of the established work order . He screams and grimaces , clutching at arms of his throne . " Sylvester notes that Bacon was impressed by Picasso 's figuration and handling of paint , especially in Picasso 's 1930s works ; and suggests that the white blobs around the pope 's cape may be influenced by the 1913 Woman in a Slip Seated in an Armchair .
Operation Ironclad was under the command of Major General Robert G. Sturges and consisted of No. 5 Commando , 29th Independent Brigade Group , and the 17th and 13th brigade groups from 5th Infantry Division .
The workforce would have included sculptors , labourers , overseers , boatmen , [UNK] and other [UNK] producing the tools to make and move the monument , in addition to the support needed to feed and otherwise attend to these workers .
Tigranes , a Cappadocian noble raised in Rome , was installed by Nero as the new ruler of Armenia .
Later times would add two more : [UNK] and San Andres [UNK] .
Aside from losing five guns , 47 officers and 895 men under his command were captured , bringing the loss of effectives closer to 60 percent ; furthermore , he lost the eagles of the 4th Infantry Regiment ( France ) and the eagle and guidon of the 4th Dragoons .
The city has several well @-@ known sports venues , such as the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex and San Andres Gym , the home of the now defunct Manila [UNK] .
He had two children with [UNK] – Claudia Octavia ( born 40 ) and Britannicus ( born 41 ) .
1 farad .
Mary Poppins ( musical ) ( London stage ) .
Although he continued to paint , he was a ruthless self critic , given to slashing canvases with blades , and no works survive from between 1947 and the winter of 1948 .
The main evacuation occurred in the early morning hours of 6 January and consisted of four waves of five CH @-@ 46 helicopters .
This belief came to be known as the Nero [UNK] Legend .
Nored stole the ball and Shawn [UNK] got fouled on the resulting run out , hitting 1 of 2 .
On her trials , Ise reached a top speed of 25 @.@ 26 knots ( 46 @.@ 78 km / h ; 29 @.@ 07 mph ) from 81 @,@ 050 shp ( 60 @,@ 440 kW ) .
There , 12 people died from the storm .
The loss snapped Butler 's 25 @-@ game winning streak , the longest in school history .
In 1786 Gore became concerned about a rise in anti @-@ lawyer sentiment in Massachusetts .
Already 40 years old , Bacon viewed the exhibition as his last chance and applied himself to the task with determination .
The current President of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission is Prince Edward , Duke of Kent .
These paintings are undertaken with red , blue and orange dots that represent the fruit at different stages in its development .
There was some concern about [UNK] 's hiring , as he had a police record as a result of his involvement in freedom marches in the African @-@ American Civil Rights Movement ( 1955 – 1968 ) .
During this time , PAGASA classified it as Tropical Storm Zigzag .
These ships are sometimes covered in treatments of the ironclad warship .
They were also arguably marginal to the work of the navy .
The lifting of the mortar fire after dark was the signal for renewed North Korean infantry attacks , all of which were repulsed .
When the squad reached the tip of the ridge they saw that a North Korean force occupied houses at its base .
A second favourite epithet of Chinese critics is that of " poet sage " ( [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ) , a counterpart to the philosophical sage , Confucius .
He retained his place in the Under @-@ 18 team for 2007 – 08 , in addition to making his debut for the reserve team against Wigan Athletic on 7 November 2007 , and during the season he impressed enough to be selected to go on the first @-@ team 's 2008 summer tour of South Africa .
Independiente was certified platinum by the Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers in recognition of 40 @,@ 000 copies sold .
It still required a manual center placement , keeping some subjectivity within the process .
Napoleon 's empire ultimately suffered complete military defeat in the 1813 – 14 campaigns , resulting in the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France .
Donald is armed with a special gun that can shoot [UNK] , popcorn or bubble gum .
For cemeteries in France and Belgium , a land tablet near the entrance or along a wall identifies the cemetery grounds as having been provided by the French or Belgian governments .
By the early 1990s serious divisions developed among the members of the congregation over a number of issues , including personal antagonisms , the rabbi 's activism and " advocacy of ' ultra @-@ liberal ' causes " , political differences over the Israeli – Palestinian conflict , and .
In 1919 , British paleontologist D. M. S. Watson proposed that the evolutionary history of these large amphibians could be seen through changes in their vertebrae .
Hayward came down with the rebound to seal the victory .
To deny a possible Spanish capture of the base , the German planners decided that the final attack to seize Gibraltar was to be made by German troops alone .
Gore graduated in 1776 , and promptly enlisted in the Continental artillery regiment of his brother @-@ in @-@ law Thomas Crafts , where he served as a clerk until 1778 .
The guns had a rate of fire of 1 @.@ 5 – 2 rounds per minute and could be loaded at any angle between -3 and + 20 degrees .
The beginning of the poem discusses time and winter , with attention paid to the arrival of summer .
" I 'm not as calm as everybody thinks , " Stevens says .
Col. Fitts is so ashamed of his homosexuality that it drives him to murder Lester .
Again , on the same day , the Vichy French government issued orders for the naval base and city of Gibraltar to be bombarded .
PAGASA names for storms are provided in parentheses .
Little is known of the production of this final film , but it was directed by Emile [UNK] from a scenario written by Lloyd F. Lonergan .
There are similarities between the headdresses on some of the heads that has led to speculation that specific headdresses may represent different dynasties , or perhaps identify specific rulers .
Boulter starred in two films in 2008 , Daylight Robbery by filmmaker Paris [UNK] , and Donkey Punch directed by Olly Blackburn .
Animals now grouped in Temnospondyli were spread out among several amphibian groups until the early 20th century , when they were found to belong to a distinct taxon based on the structure of their vertebrae .
Lesnar lost in his UFC debut against Frank Mir and then won his second fight against Heath Herring .
Inoki Genome Federation .
Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris [UNK] .
View of the World has been imitated without authorization in a variety of ways .
They also released a teaser of the tone of the new album on their Facebook page and soon after , the track " One More Body " .
In the wake of the fall of Rabaul , the Catalinas of Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons became the RAAF 's only offensive weapon against the Japanese .
In April 2013 , the remains of four British soldiers discovered by a French farmer clearing land with metal detector in 2009 were re @-@ interred at [UNK] Cemetery near Arras , France .
Most colossal heads were sculpted from spherical boulders but two from San Lorenzo [UNK] were re @-@ carved from massive stone thrones .
Police pursuing rioters broke into a house in William Street and severely beat the occupant , Samuel [UNK] , his family and two friends .
In the afternoon of September 2 Schmitt radioed 1st Battalion for an airdrop of supplies .
Bintulu / [UNK] / ( Chinese : [UNK] ; pinyin : [UNK] ; Pe ̍ h @-@ ōe @-@ jī : [UNK] @-@ to ͘ [UNK] ͘ ) is a coastal town on the island of Borneo in the central region of Sarawak , Malaysia .
The Department of Health has its main office in Manila .
The bottom is covered by an uneven mound @-@ like feature that is 300 to 400 m thick .
Kershaw was born in Dallas , Texas on March 19 , 1988 .
Juvenile individuals have bones that are thick enough to withstand this stress , and could probably move about on land .
It also caught most of the D and H Company men at the base of Hill 209 , .5 miles ( 0 @.@ 80 km ) from the crossing site .
As the film progresses , the Burnhams move closer to Ricky 's view of the world .
These impressions show , when alive , they had smooth skin , robust limbs with webbed feet , and a ridge of skin on their undersides .
The tropical storm continued to weaken as it moved over the Gulf of Tonkin prior to a final landfall near Hanoi , Vietnam the following day .
Gradual intensification followed , and at 1800 UTC that day Chan @-@ hom reached its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 155 km / h ( 100 mph ) and a minimum pressure of 940 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 76 inHg ) .
They also fill their time investigating mysteries throughout the city .
On 30 January 2015 he joined Championship club Bolton Wanderers on a month 's loan to provide competition for Andy Lonergan after [UNK] [UNK] was ruled out with an ankle injury picked up in training .
He was given the Golden Age Award which is reserved for " those who did it first , the people who had no pattern to follow . " The Hall of Fame award was presented to [UNK] 's wife , Jane .
He further elaborated that , while he was training for months for a return to the UFC , he felt " physically great but something was lacking mentally " .
Chemical lights were placed in the [UNK] in a NATO " Y " pattern .
By that time , it was moving northward along the periphery of the ridge to the east .
Activity was somewhat below average in September , with only one tropical cyclone making landfall , Maemi .
They reside on a farm in [UNK] , Saskatchewan , having previously lived in Maple Plain , Minnesota .
The percussion instruments included tablas , bongos , cymbals , piano , xylophones , and marimbas ; also featured were guitars , flute , and world music instruments .
Osbert , however , continued to call himself " archdeacon " even though he held land as a secular lord , including lands in Lacy and Skipton .
This massive sculpture is estimated to weigh 40 tons .
According to the Talmud , his father was a descendant of the Roman Emperor Nero who had converted to Judaism .
Clade [UNK] .
While using Dante 's terza rima style , the poem continues by describing the Battle of Britain .
The British began reconstruction of the airstrip after the war ; during the project many unexploded bombs were unearthed .
The ironclad age saw the development of explosive torpedoes as naval weapons , which helped complicate the design and tactics of ironclad fleets .
Like many emperors , Nero faced a number of rebellions and power struggles within the empire .
Beginning in January 1944 , training exercises were conducted carrying the Tetrarchs and their crews inside Hamilcar gliders .
Several coconut and royal palms that withstood the 1928 hurricane snapped , littering streets with broken trunks .
Although President Thomas Jefferson never issued a formal appointment , the British government accepted his role for the two @-@ month interval between King 's departure and the arrival of James Monroe as King 's replacement .
Elie [UNK] – Orthodox Jew and " prosecution attorney " at the trial ; he is the moral compass of the group , but his convictions are disturbed by Gideon [UNK] 's fever @-@ induced assertions that Hitler is Jewish and ends up believing that Hitler may be the second Messiah .
Dense stands of some of the larger species are conspicuous elements on the landscape , while smaller species are found in both in the forest understorey and in savannas .
Southward , in the Yongsan area , Keiser placed Brigadier General Joseph S. Bradley , Assistant Division Commander , in charge of the 9th Infantry Regiment , the 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , most of the 72nd Tank Battalion , and other miscellaneous units of the division .
Only one incident seemed to directly target the embassy .
20 Type UB I submarines were built , 17 for the German Imperial Navy and three for the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy .
Director Rossen 's daughter Carol Rossen speculates that previous adaptations focused too much on the pool aspects of the story and not enough on the human interaction .
Rosenfeld also questioned why the book had to end with Hitler 's speech .
At Johnny 's Bar , Eddie joins a poker game where Bert is playing , and loses $ 20 .
The first North Korean crossing at the [UNK] ferry caught the Heavy Mortar Platoon unprepared in the act of setting up its weapons .
The seismically active Marikina Valley Fault System poses a threat to Manila and the surrounding regions .
Also sexually frustrated , Carolyn has an affair that takes her from " cold perfectionist " to a more carefree soul who " [ sings ] happily along with " the music in her car .
Another popular sport in the city are cue sports , and billiard halls are a feature in most barangays .
After the season , Kershaw was awarded the Warren Spahn Award as the best left @-@ handed pitcher in 2011 , the Players Choice Award for Most Outstanding National League pitcher , the Gold Glove Award as the top fielding pitcher in the NL and the Sporting News ( TSN ) National League Pitcher of the Year .
Stragglers from this position continued to stream in the next few days as well .
[UNK] of the Year ( 2015 ) – # [UNK] .
McCarthy cited Hall 's involvement as fortunate for Mendes , as the cinematographer was " unsurpassed " at conveying the themes of a work .
Bintulu is spoken by communities living along the [UNK] River , with 4 @,@ 200 native speakers .
The system functioned by erecting a large waterproof canvas screen around the tank above its tracks , which was supported by thirty @-@ six inflatable tubes and steel struts ; this gave the tank sufficient buoyancy to float , and was then propelled along by a small propeller powered by the tank 's engine .
He holds her close and " wraps her up " .
On December 15 , 2011 , Lesnar was charged with hunting infractions on a trip to Alberta on November 19 , 2010 .
He called Ball 's dialogue " tart " and said the characters — Carolyn excepted — were " deeply drawn " .
The system moved eastward and crossed Palawan before dissipating on October 24 .
Above the cut @-@ off frequency , the transmission parameters are : .
During his time on the board the bank tightened its regulations on loan repayments , a move that improved the stability of its capital .
Metzstein wanted to include this shot to further emphasize the " bigger on the inside than the outside " nature of the time machine .
It is often held that the power of explosive shells to smash wooden hulls , as demonstrated by the Russian destruction of an Ottoman squadron at the Battle of Sinop , spelled the end of the wooden @-@ hulled warship .
Commonwealth military service members are commemorated by name on either a headstone , at an identified site of a burial , or on a memorial .
Osbert had two sons , William de Bayeux and Turstin de [UNK] .
The first operations were unsuccessful .
It hired three veteran consultants , who told the studio to " think small " .
Private First Class Joseph R. Ouellette , of H Company , left the perimeter to gather weapons , ammunition , and grenades from the North Korean dead .
SM UB @-@ 5 .
Only Colegio de San Juan de [UNK] remains at Intramuros ; the University of Santo Tomas transferred to a new campus at [UNK] in 1927 , and Ateneo left Intramuros for Loyola Heights , Quezon City ( while still retaining " de Manila " in its name ) in 1952 .
Ironically , he was later involved in a conspiracy to overthrow Nero and was executed .
The Clara who would become a travelling companion of the Doctor would not debut until the Spring premiere , " The Bells of Saint John " ; save for a brief cameo at the end of " The Snowmen " .
The change to the present name took place in 1960 .
On July 20 , the Dodgers shut down Kershaw for an indefinite period of time .
Smith commented that Grant was " born to be a Who villain . He pitches it on that perfect level and tone " .
Du Fu , who had been away from the city , took his family to a place of safety and attempted to join the court of the new emperor ( [UNK] ) , but he was captured by the rebels and taken to Chang 'an .
Tommy Torres also produced three tracks : the lead single " El Amor " , second single " Fuiste Tú " and " Hay Amores " .
The general physical characteristics of the heads are of a type that is still common among people in the Olmec region in modern times .
Titus Petronius Secundus and Parthenius , Domitian 's former chamberlain , were sought out and killed .
USS Guam and USS Trenton began transit from the coast of Oman towards Mogadishu at 22 : 30 ( 23 : 30 Oman time ) on 2 January .
The hard work paid off as Stevens made the varsity team that same year .
Kampung [UNK] ( [UNK] village ) is a Melanau fishing village in Bintulu located near [UNK] River .
The grammar is a reworking of Donatus 's Ars Minor with the addition of information drawn from other grammarians .
However , the iron @-@ hulled frigate was abandoned by the end of the 1840s , because iron hulls were more vulnerable to solid shot ; iron was more brittle than wood , and iron frames more likely to fall out of shape than wood .
Washington , D.C. is depicted as a remote location near Mexico .
The government has undertaken several projects to alleviate the traffic in the city .
In his first season at Manchester United , Amos became a regular starter for the club 's Under @-@ 13 team , playing in 19 out of 27 matches in the 2001 – 02 season .
He is currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand .
Shortly after this was announced , WWE said Lesnar 's match with Randy Orton at SummerSlam would still take place .
When pressed again by [UNK] in 1953 to produce works for a New York show that she had been publicising for a year , he was full of doubt and destroyed most of what he had been working on , including several other popes .
This was the genesis of the Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program , the development of a cohesive battle line of sixteen capital ships .
On October 22 , a tropical depression developed in the South China Sea , classified by PAGASA as Ursula .
The track features electronic effects , colossal hooks , a " na na na " breakdown , and a Motown @-@ tinged melody .
The hamlet 's residential surroundings continue to the adjacent community of Molyneaux Corners , where NY 93 becomes concurrent with NY 104 ( Ridge Road ) .
As part of a combined @-@ force operation , the German Air Force ( Luftwaffe ) would contribute Ju [UNK] , Stukas , Messerschmitts , three light AA battalions , and three heavy AA battalions .
Kinberg held himself responsible , and the schism led to his " reassessment of the needs of Temple Beth Israel and his role as a rabbi " .
Contrary to Jack 's wishes , Ezra keeps the child and Jack ultimately reveals that the child is his own .
After persuading some to recognize him , he was captured and executed .
The town is located within the boundary of Bintulu District , with a population of 183 @,@ 402 and a total area of 7 @,@ 220 @.@ 40 square kilometres ( 2 @,@ 787 @.@ 81 sq mi ) .
The only way to overcome the problematic condition of humanity , according to the ghost , is to experience purgation through fire .
Modern buildings in and around Manila are designed or have retrofitted to withstand an 8 @.@ 2 magnitude quake in accordance to the country 's building code .
The headstones within the cemetery are of a uniform size and design and mark plots of equal size .
The WWE Undisputed Championship was then renamed the WWE Championship .
Frederick Warde as Ezra Greer .
Kelly West of Cinema Blend focused primarily on the series finale in her review but referred to this episode as containing a solid case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week .
Made of concrete , steel , and wood , the building achieved Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design compliance " through the integration of stormwater management strategies , high efficiency irrigation , the use of recycled and / or recyclable materials , and drought tolerant plantings . " Completely recyclable materials used in the structure included carpeting and wood beams .
Beyond the logistical nightmare of returning home so many corpses , it was felt that repatriation would conflict with the feeling of brotherhood that had developed between serving ranks .
He was awarded the National League Player of the Week award for the week of June 20 – 26 as a result of those two starts .
Opposing them , the Austrian navy had seven ironclad frigates .
Most of the recruits for the sabotage operations were Spaniards from the Campo .
[UNK] passed the script to several producers , including Dan Jinks and Bruce Cohen , who took it to DreamWorks .
Three additional columns , commanded by Dmitry [UNK] ( [UNK] ) , Maj. Gen. [UNK] and Schmitt , would outflank the French from the west and the north .
[UNK] [UNK] [UNK] seeds have been found in archaeological sites in Colombia dating back to 9000 BP .
But when the search party loses radio contact with Lieber , they must make a decision : do they sit out the storms and deliver their captive to Lieber later , or do they try Hitler in the jungle before their prize is snatched from them by the world at large , who they know will be waiting ? Their decision is the latter , and against Lieber 's advice ( " You must not let him speak ... his tongue is like no other " ) they prepare for a trial with a judge , prosecution and defence attorneys selected from the members of the search party .
Most [UNK] have tabular horns in the backs of their skulls , rounded projections of bone separated from the rest of the skull by indentations called otic notches ; in some [UNK] , such as [UNK] , they are pointed and very prominent .
His death ended the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty , sparking a brief period of civil wars known as the Year of the Four Emperors .
There , the port sustained heavy damage , causing disruptions to exports in the months following the storm .
SM City San Lazaro was constructed on the site of the former San Lazaro Hippodrome .
The upper lip has suffered recent damage , with the left portion flaking away .
However petitions followed and the demands were met , partly for strategic reasons and the lack of available shipping .
Both were supported by the people of the Free Derry area .
One side is decorated with a double @-@ disc motif that may have been repeated on the other ; if so , damage to the right side has obliterated any trace of it .
Both ' A ' and ' B ' Squadrons were equipped with Valentine Infantry tanks and Mark [UNK] light tanks , but ' C ' Squadron was equipped with twelve Tetrarchs transferred from the 2nd Armoured Brigade , 1st Armoured Division .
[UNK] messages to his friends ' palace chambers for them to come , he received no answers .
Hed PE released their second studio album , Broke on August 22 , 2000 .
Pablo Hernández scored Valencia 's only goal past him after 32 minutes of the match – the first goal United had conceded in the Champions League that season – as the two sides played out a 1 – 1 draw .
[UNK] received a mostly positive response from critics upon release .
Lesnar hit the F @-@ 5 on the champion , which enabled Angle to pin him and win the title .
Brooding on what I have lived through , if even I know such suffering , the common man must surely be rattled by the winds .
He threw his first career complete game shutout on September 14 , 2010 also against San Francisco and finished the season with a record of 13 – 10 and a 2 @.@ 91 ERA in 32 starts , pitching 2041 ⁄ 3 innings and recording 212 strikeouts .
During UFC 77 , it was announced that Lesnar had reached a deal to fight with the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) .
However , modern historians , noting Suetonius , Tacitus and Cassius Dio 's possible bias against Nero and the likelihood that they did not have eyewitness accounts of private events , postulate that Poppaea may have died because of complications of miscarriage or childbirth .
The Philippine Capitol was to rise at the Taft Avenue end of the field , facing toward the sea , and would form , with the buildings of different government bureaus and departments , a quadrangle , lagoon in the center , and a monument to José Rizal at its Luneta end .
See also Image impedance # Derivation .
A central pressure bias was uncovered in 2004 relating to the slope of the tropopause and cloud top temperatures which change with latitude that helped improve central pressure estimates within the objective technique .
The barricades were manned by unarmed ' auxiliaries ' .
On the 35th Regiment 's right flank , just north of the confluence of the Nam River and the Naktong River , was the US 9th Infantry Regiment , US 2nd Infantry Division .
On the right @-@ hand side , three tassels descend from the upper portion of the headdress ; they terminate in a total of eight strips that hang down across the horizontal band .
The method is internally consistent in that it constrains rapid increases or decreases in tropical cyclone intensity .
This is generally not implemented for tropical depressions or weak tropical storms .
" El Amor " was motivated by Arjona 's desire to examine " those big , dark events within love that nobody talks about " ; he continued , " [ the ] dark sides of love are extremely fundamental to understand its great value . " Arjona added , " So many good things [UNK] love has been shown that somebody had to turn it around and tell the bad ones " .
The third day , September 3 , the situation worsened .
Within the Dvorak satellite strength estimate for tropical cyclones , there are several visual patterns that a cyclone may take on which define the upper and lower bounds on its intensity .
Manila serves as the headquarters of the Central Bank of the Philippines which is located along Roxas Boulevard .
When the Tetrarch was re @-@ designated as an airborne tank , several changes were made to its design .
Another of the German submarines , UB @-@ 8 , was sold to Bulgaria in May 1916 , becoming Podvodnik No. 18 .
It was apparent that unless F Company 's position could be restored the entire regimental front would collapse .
The archival records of the commission are open to the public to permit individuals to conduct their own research .
Two short straps descend from the headdress in front of the ears .
The passage of the typhoon caused surface chlorophyll a concentration in the ocean to increase 30 @-@ fold .
The remainder account for either nine species or more than 40 .
Produced by the film 's music supervisor Chris Douridas , an abridged soundtrack album was released on October 5 , 1999 , and went on to be nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album .
The group had an SCR @-@ 300 radio , a heavy machine gun , two light machine gun , a M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle , about 20 M1 Garand rifles , and about 40 carbines or pistols .
He had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010 , as " Kieron Fletcher " .
Per Baseball @-@ Reference.com. .
The double bottom below the former positions of aft turrets was converted to hold fuel oil ; this increased the ships ' endurance to 9 @,@ 500 nautical miles ( 17 @,@ 600 km ; 10 @,@ 900 mi ) at a speed of 16 knots .
Donald then returns to the South Pole , hitching a ride on one of Pete 's bird minions to reach the diary .
The Minnesota Vikings worked out Lesnar on June 11 , 2004 but he was hampered by the groin injury suffered in the April motorcycle accident .
All seventeen of the confirmed heads in the Olmec heartland were sculpted from basalt mined in the Sierra de los [UNK] mountains of Veracruz .
The marines were to be released from 2nd Division control as soon as this mission was accomplished .
A mixture of centre @-@ battery and turret ships bombarded Egyptian positions for most of a day , forcing the Egyptians to retreat ; return fire from Egyptian guns was heavy at first , but inflicted little damage , killing only five British sailors .
Various centers hold on to the maximum current intensity for 6 – 12 hours , though this rule is broken when rapid weakening is obvious .
Nevertheless , [UNK] believed that the film 's themes of materialism and conformity in American suburbia were " tart "0 .
The American Beauty rose is repeatedly used as symbol ; when Lester fantasizes about Angela , she is usually naked and surrounded by rose petals .
One temnospondyl , [UNK] , has armour @-@ like plating that covers both its back and underside .
Asked if the increased fame would change things , Stevens said it better not spoil him or the university .
Ball was not keen on the more well @-@ known directors because he believed their involvement would increase the budget and lead DreamWorks to become " nervous about the content " .
Schmitt 's presence would probably not have been enough to turn that defeat into a victory , but it would have mitigated the magnitude of the Coalition 's losses ; Austerlitz was considered one of Napoleon 's finest triumphs .
Eads also produced monitors for use on the rivers , the first two of which differed from the ocean @-@ going monitors in that they contained a paddle wheel ( the USS Neosho and USS Osage ) .
The vernacular language is Filipino , based mostly on the Tagalog of surrounding areas , and this Manila form of speaking Tagalog has essentially become the lingua franca of the Philippines , having spread throughout the archipelago through mass media and entertainment .
The team spent six months completely revising the game under explicit instructions on how Kirby should move .
This framing device , described by Sylvester as a " space @-@ frame " , was to feature heavily throughout the artist 's career .
From the ensuing debate , Hulme and Flint became close friends .
At this time , Gale decided to avoid , when possible , engaging the Tetrarchs with German armour , as they proved to be completely outclassed by the German tanks and self @-@ propelled guns , such as the Panzer IV and the Sturmgeschütz III .
They are attached to plant fossils , suggesting that these [UNK] laid eggs on aquatic plants much like modern frogs .
After Operation [UNK] , the British Army controlled the [UNK] and [UNK] by stationing large numbers of troops within the area , by conducting large @-@ scale ' search ' operations that were in fact undertaken for purposes of intelligence gathering , and by setting up over a dozen covert observation posts .
Major General Richard Gale had initially intended for the 6th Airlanding Brigade , to which the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment was attached , to be landed first ; however , aerial photography revealed that anti @-@ glider poles had been erected in the landing zone selected for the brigade .
The impetus for the change came from a resident of Upper Mountain Road , who demanded that trucks should be removed from the roadway .
On January 11 , 2011 , Lesnar was announced as a coach of The Ultimate Fighter Season 13 , opposite Junior dos Santos , with the two expected to fight on June 11 at UFC 131 , however , he was struck with another bout of diverticulitis and had to withdraw from the fight on May 12 .
Yates and Warren also named [UNK] , a clade of small aquatic [UNK] from the Carboniferous , Permian , and Triassic .
The rugged surfaces of bones may have supported blood vessels , which could transfer carbon dioxide to the bones to neutralize acidic build up in the blood ( early semiaquatic tetrapods would have had difficulty expelling carbon dioxide from their bodies while on land , and these dermal bones may have been an early solution to the problem ) .
Its establishment was six PBY Catalina flying boats and 133 personnel , but only five aircraft ( all transferred from No. 11 Squadron ) and 55 personnel were available initially .
Cruz district is the see of the Episcopal Church in the Philippines ' Diocese of Central Philippines , while align Taft Avenue are the main cathedral and central offices of the Iglesia Filipina Independiente ( also called the [UNK] Church , a national church that was a product of the Philippine Revolution ) .
Commanded by Vice @-@ Admiral Shirō Takasu , the 2nd Battleship Division set sail with the Aleutian Support Group on 28 May , at the same time that most of the Imperial Fleet began an attack on Midway Island ( Operation MI ) .
Low freeboard , however , also meant a smaller hull and therefore a smaller capacity for coal storage — and therefore range of the vessel .
The latter contained this succinct statement of the group 's position : .
He continued to use [UNK] and [UNK] ( which he alternatively referred to as [UNK] ) to distinguish animals based on the absence or presence of occipital condyles .
Stevens correctly anticipated the play call and had Ronald Nored , the team 's best defender , switch onto [UNK] Lucious off a screen .
His election was contested because Boston , where he lived , was at the time more inclined toward state power .
These conditions abated as the depression tracked northeast , and at 0000 UTC on June 1 , the JMA upgraded the system to Tropical Storm Nangka .
While it resembles a CDO pattern , it is rarely seen .
Around this time Du Fu is thought to have contracted malaria .
The Doctor states that the Great Intelligence , which has been existing as a mirror of Dr Simeon 's thoughts , will vanish with the erasure of Simeon 's memories .
On August [UNK] the 2nd Division moved E Company south to a reserve position in the 9th Infantry sector .
He earned multiple all @-@ conference and academic all @-@ conference awards , and was a three @-@ time Academic All @-@ America nominee .
On the September 18 , 2003 episode of SmackDown ! , Lesnar received his third shot at Angle in as many months when he faced the champion in a sixty @-@ minute Iron Man match for the title .
The Peroxide process for the industrial production of hydrazine through the oxidation of ammonia with hydrogen peroxide in the presence of ketones was developed in the early 1970s .
Parthia began building up for a strike against the Roman province of Syria .
Fearing Paulinus himself would provoke further rebellion , Nero replaced him with the more passive Publius Petronius [UNK] .
The Unionists maintained their majority , firstly , by manipulating the constituency boundaries ( gerrymandering ) so that the South Ward , with a nationalist majority , returned eight councillors while the much smaller North Ward and Waterside Ward , with unionist majorities , returned twelve councillors between them ; secondly , by allowing only ratepayers to vote in local elections , rather than one man , one vote , so that a higher number of nationalists , who did not own homes , were disenfranchised ; and thirdly , by denying houses to nationalists outside the South Ward constituency .
Secondly , although the reference to that Canto is intended to be explicit , I wish the effect of the whole to be [UNK] which is more appropriate .
These heads are sculpted with relatively simple headdresses ; they have squat , wide proportions and distinctive facial features .
The port also provides Vessel traffic service to shipping vessels .
As of February 18 , the most successful territories were the United Kingdom ( $ 15 @.@ 2 million ) , Italy ( $ 10 @.@ 8 million ) , Germany ( $ 10 @.@ 5 million ) , Australia ( $ 6 million ) , and France ( $ 5 @.@ 3 million ) .
He and his wife returned to Zambia in 2012 .
In Stuart , the storm left 400 to 500 people homeless , up to nearly 10 % of the population , which was 5 @,@ 100 at the time .
The overlap with NY 270 remained in place until c .
Mendes and an assistant edited the film for 10 days between the appointments .
Colossal Head 2 was discovered in 1945 when Matthew Stirling 's guide cleared away some of the vegetation and mud that covered it .
Nero supported the freedmen and ruled that patrons had no such right .
Because of a lack of equipment training facilities in mid @-@ 1940 , when the British airborne establishment was formed , the War Office was able to accept only 500 volunteers for training as airborne troops .
He had no natural children of his own and only distant relatives , who were unsuited for political office .
The march met with violent opposition from loyalist counter @-@ demonstrators at several points along the route .
Due to a knee injury to Mir , the title unification match with Lesnar that was originally slated to be the UFC 98 main event was postponed .
When it develops , rainbands and cloud lines around the tropical cyclone weaken and the thick cloud shield obscures the circulation center .
Manila is the second most populous city in the Philippines after the former capital Quezon City with a population of 1 @,@ 780 @,@ 148 in 2015 .
Throughout the course of the day , Nangka continued to strengthen as it accelerated northeast , and peaked in strength with a barometric pressure of 985 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 09 inHg ) and maximum sustained winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) , making it a severe tropical storm .
No threats came upon the embassy during the day , although truckloads of armed Somalis frequently drove by the embassy along [UNK] Road .
The first text to suggest that Nero ordered the execution of an apostle is a letter by Clement to the Corinthians traditional dated to around 96 A.D. The apocryphal Ascension of Isaiah , a Christian writing from the 2nd century says , " the slayer of his mother , who himself ( even ) this king , will persecute the plant which the Twelve Apostles of the Beloved have planted . Of the Twelve one will be delivered into his hands " was interpreted to mean Nero .
Though no further regular season games were moved , the finals series hosted by the Aces was held at La Trobe University as well .
The team spent half a year revising the gameplay to match Kirby 's signature characteristics .
Born and raised in Oregon , Dolin had worked at Temple Beth Israel as a teacher and youth group adviser from 1999 to 2001 .
This gives the effect of a man trapped and suffocated by his surroundings , screaming into an airless void .
It started port operation in 1983 at Tanjung [UNK] .
He failed , to his surprise and that of centuries of later critics .
Nicknames .
These guns had a maximum elevation of + 80 degrees and a rate of fire of 200 rounds per minute .
A Company was now ordered to fall back to the southeast edge of Yongsan on the left flank of D Company .
The powerful hurricane moved over or near several islands in the Bahamas .
Gleason and Scott were each nominated for Best Supporting Actor and Scott was also nominated as Best New Star of the Year .
The mean daily hours of sunshine at Bintulu is about 5 @.@ 0 to 5 @.@ 5 hours .
Typhoon [UNK] , known in the Philippines as Typhoon [UNK] , was a typhoon that made landfall in the northern Philippines in late October 2013 .
Farmers in Texas , also affected by a major hurricane , requested growers in Florida wait 15 days so they could sell their citrus crop that fell .
The squadron 's strength was further weakened when two gliders collided with each other in the landing zone , destroying themselves and the Tetrarchs they carried ; a third Hamilcar hit another Tetrarch as it was being unloaded and flipped the tank upside down , rendering it unusable , although the crew escaped without injury .
Josepha [UNK] [UNK] is an [UNK] @-@ speaking Indigenous Australian , born around 1945 or 1953 at the Santa Teresa Mission , near Alice Springs in Australia 's Northern Territory .
For financial reasons more powerful engines could not be ordered so the new design was lengthened slightly and the boiler rooms enlarged to increase speed by 0 @.@ 5 knots ( 0 @.@ 93 km / h ; 0 @.@ 58 mph ) to 23 knots ( 43 km / h ; 26 mph ) .
William died a week after his return to York , however , and Osbert , along with Robert of Ghent , the Dean of York , secured the quick election of the new archbishop , Roger de Pont L 'Évêque .
Tracking inland , the combination of land interaction and wind shear caused Koni to dissipate over Laos on July 23 .
Typhoon Imbudo in July caused several deaths and extensive damage across the Philippines and China .
After the war they were scrapped in 1946 – 47 .
Key .
Boulter guest starred on a two @-@ part episode arc " Wounds " in May 2008 of the television series Waking the Dead as character " Jimmy Dearden " .
A music video for the single was shot with director Tony Petrossian and was released on June 9 , 2006 online through Yahoo ! .
Both the central dense overcast and embedded eye pattern utilize the size of the CDO .
Manila is a well @-@ known shopping hub of the country and it has been named as one of the best shopping destinations in Asia .
It served as the home of the University of Santo Tomas ( 1611 ) , Colegio de San Juan de [UNK] ( 1620 ) , Ateneo de Manila University ( 1859 ) , Lyceum of the Philippines University and the [UNK] Institute of Technology .
Kershaw made his fourth straight opening day start for the Dodgers in 2014 , only the fourth Dodger ever to do so .
Haynes ' command post was 7 miles ( 11 km ) north of Changnyong .
The modified script had a cynical outlook that was influenced by Ball 's frustrating tenures writing for several sitcoms .
With barricades re @-@ appearing as quickly as they were removed , the army eventually abandoned their attempt .
Unused names are marked in gray .
Henderson ( 1995 ) recognised A. speciosa and A. spectabilis , considering the latter to either be an acaulescent form of A. speciosa or a hybrid between it and A. microcarpa .
Elsewhere in Japan , the storm caused flights to be canceled , while rainfall @-@ induced landslides blocked roads .
Forever ! ( 2016 ) .
After slowing and turning to the northeast , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm [UNK] on September 26 .
The typhoon became extratropical in the Sea of Japan the next day , although the remnants persisted for several more days , bringing strong winds to northern Japan .
Critics such as Malcolm Cowley and Delmore Schwartz describe mixed emotions about the religiosity of the poem .
Peaks along the rim of the crater are almost continually illuminated by sunlight , spending about 80 – 90 % of each lunar orbit exposed to the Sun .
Entrance themes .
He is a four @-@ time WWE ( World Heavyweight ) Champion , a former UFC Heavyweight Champion , and an NCAA Division I Heavyweight Wrestling Champion .
Premiering worldwide on Vevo on 7 January 2013 , the music video depicts the band shooting different scenes via a green screen , dressed as sailors , surfers , skiers and jailers .
After returning to Manchester United , Amos was again sent out on loan in March 2010 , this time to Norwegian side Molde FK , where he remained on loan until 30 June 2010 .
However , the war required mobilisation of a significant percentage of the population , either as volunteers or through conscription .
One of the heads from San Lorenzo bears traces of plaster and red paint , suggesting that the heads were originally brightly decorated .
Known as the U @-@ 10 or the Okarina ( English : Ocarina ) class as a part of the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy , the five boats operated primarily in the Adriatic in patrols off Italy and Albania .
The monotony of Lester 's existence is established through his gray , nondescript workplace and characterless clothing .
[UNK] landed a job at WJR radio in Detroit , but he left his sportscaster 's job to join the Detroit Lions .
Among the tourist attractions in Bintulu are [UNK] National Park , [UNK] Park , Tanjung Batu beach , [UNK] village , Kuan Yin Tong temple , [UNK] mosque , Council Negri monument , Tamu Bintulu , and Pasar Utama markets .
On July 24 it was reported that he was nearly recovered from his groin injury .
AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movie Quotes : .
Oregon , Clemson , and Wake Forest were all said to be interested in offering Stevens multi @-@ million dollar contracts to leave Butler .
A second prequel , titled " Vastra Investigates " , was released online on 17 December 2012 .
Lastly , Hitler maintains that the Reich begat Israel and suggests that he is the Messiah " whose infamous deeds were allowed by God in order to bring His people home . " He closes by asking , " Should you not honour me who have made ... Zion a reality ? " .
Flint was at pains to emphasise the contribution of the Eiffel Tower poets , especially Edward Storer .
In 2009 , Typhoon [UNK] struck Philippines .
During 1944 , the ships ' AA defences were reinforced with an additional dozen triple and eleven single 25 mm gun mounts , for a total of 104 barrels , and a pair of Type 13 early warning radars were added .
On July 4 , Lesnar made his first non @-@ televised wrestling appearance for WWE since his 2012 return , defeating Kofi Kingston at The Beast in the East live event in Tokyo in a quick winning effort ; he also delivered F @-@ 5s to Kingston 's New Day stablemates Big E and Xavier Woods after the match .
As of 2013 , Manila has a total area of 42 @.@ 88 square kilometres ( 16 @.@ 56 sq mi ) .
His request to speak with the ambassador was granted .
He said he had started the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade toward Yongsan but had not yet released them for commitment there and he wanted to be sure that General of the Army Douglas MacArthur approved his use of them , since he knew that this would interfere with other plans of the Far East Command .
" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " was written by Phil Klemmer and directed by Jason Bloom , marking Klemmer 's fifteenth and final writing credit and Bloom 's fourth and final directing credit for Veronica Mars , after " Green @-@ Eyed Monster " , " Nevermind the [UNK] " , and " Charlie Don 't Surf " .
Agrippina also attempted to influence the young Nero .
The discovery came about when the group encountered a strong gust of wind in a tunnel .
In a series of conflicts from 1803 @-@ 15 known as the Napoleonic Wars , various European powers formed five coalitions against the First French Empire .
On 25 September , the French returned with a larger force of eighty @-@ three bombers to cause additional damage to the naval base and harbour installations .
Under the cover of darkness , Mortier used the French flotilla to evacuate his exhausted troops to the south bank .
Reportedly because a marriage to Poppaea and a divorce from Octavia did not seem politically feasible with Agrippina alive , Nero ordered the murder of his mother in 59 .
Schmitt assumed command of the group .
From the outbreak of the Korean War and the invasion of South Korea by the North , the North Korean People 's Army had enjoyed superiority in both manpower and equipment over both the Republic of Korea Army and the United Nations forces dispatched to South Korea to prevent it from collapsing .
Signature moves .
The twelve 45 @-@ calibre 35 @.@ 6 cm ( 14 @.@ 0 in ) Type 41 guns of the Ise class were mounted in three pairs of twin @-@ gun , superfiring turrets .
The Roman Senate enjoyed renewed liberties under his rule , but Nerva 's mismanagement of the state finances and lack of authority over the army ultimately brought Rome near the edge of a significant crisis .
It has the observation points offering sunset views .
Another story relates that two Iban warriors named [UNK] and [UNK] built houses along the river .
The studio 's candidate for Best Picture the previous year , Saving Private Ryan , lost to Shakespeare in Love , so the studio took a new approach by hiring outsiders to provide input for the campaign .
This stunned Lesnar and forced Angle and Lesnar to improvise the finish of the match .
In the section of the letter , John pointed out to the pope that no matter what others might say about Osbert , he had failed to secure other clergy willing to swear that he was innocent .
She was placed 12th in the Individual Championship Test – Grade IV , and 11th in the Individual Freestyle Test – Grade IV and Team Test – Grade IV .
Investigation of archival records by members of the public periodically result in the identification of previously buried casualties .
Later in the month , PAGASA briefly issued advisories on Tropical Depression [UNK] on July 30 off the east coast of Mindanao .
Sarawak fell into Japanese hands when they conquered Kuching on 24 December 1941 .
Manila , being the seat of political power of the Philippines , has several national government offices headquartered at the city .
Virtually nothing is known of Nerva 's whereabouts during 69 , but despite the fact that Otho was his brother @-@ in @-@ law , he appears to have been one of the earliest and strongest supporters of the Flavians .
Dozens of marchers were taken to hospital .
For their season , the Bulldogs were ranked 8th in the final pre @-@ NCAA tournament Coaches ' Poll and 11th in the corresponding AP Poll .
Brock Edward Lesnar / [UNK] / ( born July 12 , 1977 ) is an American Canadian professional wrestler , mixed martial artist , and former amateur wrestler and professional American football player .
Due to local conditions it was sometimes necessary for the Commission to deviate from its standard design .
Only a week before WrestleMania , rumors surfaced that Lesnar , too , was leaving to pursue a career in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
After an eye began to form , Parma was upgraded to typhoon status the next day .
At SummerSlam , Lesnar lost to Angle when Angle made Lesnar tap out to the ankle lock .
The head stands 2 @.@ 69 metres ( 8 @.@ 8 ft ) high and measures 1 @.@ 83 metres ( 6 @.@ 0 ft ) wide by 1 @.@ 05 metres ( 3 @.@ 4 ft ) deep ; it weighs 20 tons .
He said Mendes ' " sure hand " was " as precise and controlled " as his theater work .
When the two new Satsuma @-@ class battleships and two Tsukuba @-@ class armoured cruisers , launched by 1911 , were outclassed by their British counterparts , the Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program was restarted .
The 3rd District ( 2015 population : 197 @,@ 242 ) covers Binondo , Quiapo , San Nicolas and Santa Cruz .
The brother of President Barre , who was also a Major General and Chief of Police , showed up at the embassy in the afternoon with 25 members of his family requesting to be evacuated , but was turned away after a vocal conversation with the ambassador .
Subsequently , the typhoon accelerated northeastward into the westerlies and began weakening due to increasing wind shear and dry air .
He is unhappily married to Carolyn , a neurotic yet fiercely ambitious real estate broker ; their teenaged daughter , Jane , abhors her parents and has low self @-@ esteem .
Real @-@ life pool player Rudolf Wanderone , known at the time as " New York Fats " and " Chicago Fats " , claimed to be the real life inspiration for Gleason 's character , Minnesota Fats , and adopted the name as his own .
Imbudo was the strongest typhoon to strike since Typhoon Zeb five years prior , The typhoon left widespread areas flooded for several days .
Jacqueline [UNK] says that the plot " occupies [ ... ] no time [ or ] all time " , citing Lester 's claim that life did not flash before his eyes , but that it " stretches on forever like an ocean of time " .
[UNK] chairman John Hume told a meeting of residents that they were to defend the area and no @-@ one was to come in .
The Port of Manila , located in the vicinity of Manila Bay is the chief seaport of the Philippines .
Radar studies preceding and following the Lunar Prospector mission demonstrate that the inner walls of Shackleton are similar in reflective characteristics to those of some sunlit craters .
However , iron gave the naval architect many advantages .
On Jeju Island , Maemi produced a peak wind gust of 216 km / h ( 134 mph ) and a minimum pressure of 950 mbar ( 28 inHg ) , both setting records for the country , and making it the most powerful typhoon to strike South Korea since record @-@ keeping began in the country in 1904 .
With warm waters , Maemi was able to maintain much of its intensity before it made landfall just west of Busan , South Korea on September 12 .
He wanted to keep the tension in the scene , so he only cut away when Jane left the table .
He also performed as an actor and a singer .
Ricky 's bedroom was designed to be cell @-@ like to suggest his " [UNK] " personality , while at the same time blending with the high @-@ tech equipment to reflect his voyeuristic side .
[UNK] National Park is located 30 km ( 19 mi ) northeast of the town .
Gore resigned from the board in 1794 , citing the demands of his law practice .
In 2015 , she was reclassified a 2 @.@ 0 .
The period of production of the colossal heads is therefore unknown , as is whether it spanned a century or a millennium .
He was recalled on July 22 .
Fighting began at the pass at 02 : 30 when an American medium tank of A Company , 72nd Tank Battalion , knocked out a T @-@ 34 at Tugok , also called [UNK] .
The Gore 's social circle in England revolved around his good friend Rufus King , who was appointed Ambassador to Great Britain in 1796 , along with other Massachusetts expatriates .
In this engagement , the second day of the Battle of Hampton Roads , the two ironclads repeatedly tried to ram one another while shells bounced off their armor .
Bintulu was a small fishing village when Rajah James Brooke acquired it in 1861 .
As a radio broadcaster , he is remembered for things ranging from ski reports , to 17 years worth of " Breakfast At — " programs live from various local restaurants , to 27 years as the [UNK] @-@ AM All Night Show host .
On the morning of 5 January , a 60 @-@ person Marine and Navy SEAL security detail was dispatched from Guam aboard two CH @-@ 53E Super Stallion helicopters to secure the embassy and prepare for the main evacuation .
On October 17 , 2005 , American Society of Magazine Editors unveiled its list of the top 40 magazine covers of the prior 40 years and ranked View of the World from 9th Avenue in fourth place .
The highway went eastward , intersecting with NY 34 less than 0 @.@ 1 miles ( 0 @.@ 2 km ) later .
Mendes ' song choices " progress through the history of American popular music " .
While at Harvard Gore participated in a speaking club , and formed significant lifelong friendships with Rufus King and John Trumbull .
When he debuted in 2008 , he was the youngest player in MLB , a title he held for one full year .
Both [UNK] were asked , and agreed , to suspend operations on that day to ensure the march passed off peacefully .
The Russian cavalry , units of the greatly feared Cossacks , were well @-@ suited for patrolling the river bank ; indeed , on 9 November they had taken 40 French soldiers as prisoners .
On 29 October 2009 , Amos signed for the Championship team Peterborough United on a month 's loan as cover for Peterborough 's suspended first @-@ choice goalkeeper Joe Lewis .
The change of government was welcome particularly to the senators , who had been harshly persecuted during Domitian 's reign .
The airport currently serves three major airlines : Malaysia Airlines ( MAS ) , Air Asia , and MASwings , connecting to domestic destinations such as : Sibu , Miri , Kuching , Kuala Lumpur , and Kota Kinabalu .
As Watson notes , this is information " of a kind seldom found in the officially compiled histories of the era " .
The [UNK] , while disapproving of riots , viewed them as the inevitable consequence of British occupation .
When firing at surface targets , the guns had a range of 14 @,@ 700 metres ( 16 @,@ 100 yd ) ; they had a ceiling of 9 @,@ 440 metres ( 30 @,@ 970 ft ) at their maximum elevation of + 90 degrees .
Wind gusts in Okinawa reached 115 km / h ( 72 mph ) , while on the volcanic island of Hachijō @-@ jima , gusts reached 214 km / h ( 133 mph ) .
Manila is also the home to the headquarters of the World Health Organization Regional Office for the Western Pacific and the World Health Organization Country Office for the Philippines .
The boulders were brought from the Sierra de los [UNK] mountains of Veracruz .
Weevil does have a student ID machine , and Logan walks into Mars Investigations with Piz ’ s blood on him .
Commercial flights , schools , and rail service in some areas was cancelled in advance of the storm .
Amos joined Manchester United at the age of 11 .
The Japan Meteorological Agency 's RSMC Tokyo — Typhoon Center assigns international names to tropical cyclones on behalf of the World Meteorological Organization 's Typhoon Committee , should they be judged to have 10 @-@ minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km / h , ( 40 mph ) .
In May 1951 , he announced he was retiring from professional football to become sports director at a radio station in Buffalo .
The name was officially adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1994 .
Troops assigned to the battalion captured [UNK] barracks in Gospić .
After germination , the stem initially grows downward before turning to grow upward and produce the aboveground stem .
In December 1969 it split into the Official IRA and the Provisional IRA .
As a result , the top is fragmented , although the broken pieces were recovered by archaeologists and have been put back into place .
The protection of the former was strengthened by the addition of a concrete wall at least 1 metre ( 3 ft 3 in ) in thickness and some of the armour removed from the turrets was used to protect the latter .
In Korea Bay when the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake struck , they sailed to Kyushu where they loaded supplies from for the victims on 4 September .
Ball did not expect to sell the script , believing it would act as more of a calling card , but American Beauty drew interest from several production bodies .
In the autumn of 744 , he met Li Bai ( Li Po ) for the first time , and the two poets formed a friendship .
As of November 2012 , Independiente has sold 75 @,@ 000 copies in the United States .
In October 1912 , he submitted thereto three poems each by H.D. and Aldington under the Imagiste rubric , ( published in the November 1912 second issue thereof ) with a note which described Aldington as ' one of the ' [UNK] ' .
Though Lesnar said he was " closing the door on MMA " in March 2015 , UFC announced on June 4 , 2016 , that he would return at UFC 200 on July 9 .
Podvodnik No. 18 survived the war and was ceded to France after the Treaty of Neuilly @-@ sur @-@ Seine .
MMA Most Valuable Fighter ( 2008 – 2010 ) .
It has since been moved to the Museo [UNK] de Tres [UNK] .
He puts a strong emphasis on defensive and team oriented basketball .
It was adapted for the theatre by British playwright Christopher Hampton and was staged in London in April 1982 with Alec McCowen playing the part of Adolf Hitler .
In 1920 , the Commission built three experimental cemeteries at Le [UNK] , [UNK] and [UNK] , following the principles outlined in the Kenyon report .
Mosconi 's hands also appear in many of the closeup shots .
Caligula , his wife [UNK] and their infant daughter Julia Drusilla were murdered on 24 January 41 .
[UNK] was released to mostly positive reviews from video game journalists .
Rather than disembark in nearby Mombasa , as originally thought by the evacuees , the ships were ordered back to Oman — a five @-@ day journey .
The French floating batteries were deployed in 1855 as a supplement to the wooden steam battle fleet in the Crimean War .
NJCAA All @-@ American ( 1997 , 1998 ) .
The upper armoured deck consisted of two layers of high @-@ tensile steel 55 mm ( 2 @.@ 2 in ) thick and the lower armoured deck also consisted of two layers of high @-@ tensile steel , but only 30 mm ( 1 @.@ 2 in ) thick .
Kershaw finished the season with a 16 @-@ 9 record , 236 innings pitched ( a career high ) , and a Major League best 1 @.@ 83 ERA and 0 @.@ 92 WHIP .
She devised a mixture to kill Britannicus , but after testing it unsuccessfully on a slave , Nero angrily threatened to have her put to death if she did not come up with something usable .
At each crossing site the North Koreans would overwhelm local UN defenders before building pontoon bridges for their vehicles and armor .
At No Mercy , Lesnar defeated Undertaker in a Biker Chain match .
This time it was Ise 's turn and she was struck 11 or more times with many near misses that put her on the bottom in shallow water with a 15 degree list .
Many headstones are for unidentified casualties ; they consequently bear only what could be discovered from the body .
Master Sergeant Travis E. Watkins , still alive in his paralyzed condition , refused efforts of evacuation , saying that he did not want to be a burden to those who had a chance to get away .
The film was the final production and release of the Thanhouser Company and it was to be released through Pathé .
He awaits for her to return from college , but Mary leaves with her romantic interest , Jack [UNK] .
The casemate armour was 149 mm ( 5 @.@ 9 in ) thick and that of the barbettes was 299 mm thick rather than the originally planned 305 mm .
Norman Hammond argues that the apparent stylistic differences of the monument stem from its unfinished state rather than its late production .
Here , the route turns southward at a junction with Bunker Hill Road ( CR 136 ) .
Scholars and academics have offered many possible readings of American Beauty ; film critics are similarly divided , not so much about the quality of the film , as their interpretations of it .
He was particularly impressed by the depiction of Nazi hunter Emmanuel Lieber and his role as representative of the Jewish consciousness .
Nintendo World Report recommended the game to players who like score attack games and called it the best version of Breakout released .
In the First Battle of Naktong Bulge , the North Korean division was unable to hold its bridgehead across the river as large numbers of US reserve forces were brought in to repel it , and on August 19 , the NK 4th Division was forced back across the river with 50 percent casualties .
Cope classified [UNK] as a subgroup of Labyrinthodontia , placing many small , amphibian @-@ like animals within it .
Both Pound and H.D. turned to writing long poems , but retained much of the hard edge to their language as an Imagist legacy .
Bintulu is located near the mouth of the [UNK] River , in the coastal region of central Sarawak .
Napoleon also advised Mortier to secure all crossings of the Danube between Linz and Vienna .
Countering this , James Porter has claimed that the re @-@ carving of the face of a colossal head into a niche figure is clearly evident .
Winds leveled his nearby home .
This tension would have been experienced during suction feeding underwater .
Originally sized for 75 families , Temple Beth Israel 's Portland Street building had been renovated and enlarged over the years to 7 @,@ 500 square feet ( 700 m2 ) to accommodate 250 families and 150 students .
Little Gidding focuses on the unity of past , present , and future , and claims that understanding this unity is necessary for salvation .
As the day passed , with ammunition down to about one clip per man and only a few grenades left and no help in sight , [UNK] decided to abandon the position that night .
This unusual reactivity is due to the presence of the highly strained three membered ring and the relatively weak N @-@ O bond .
She also paints women ’ s ceremonies ( Awelye ) and dreamings , and these are created using rows of coloured dots and include representations of women 's ceremonial iconography .
Although throughout the 1860s and 1870s the Royal Navy was still in many respects superior to its potential rivals , by the early 1880s widespread concern about the threat from France and Germany culminated in the Naval Defence Act , which promulgated the idea of a ' two @-@ power standard ' , that Britain should possess as many ships as the next two navies combined .
Kutuzov knew the size of the French [UNK] division [UNK] its positions , and he knew that most of the dragoons were not covering the French flank but had turned north .
With favorable outflow , [UNK] quickly intensified into a typhoon on October 20 after developing an eye , and two days later , the JMA estimated peak winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) .
Born into a family divided by the American Revolution , Gore sided with the victorious Patriots , established a successful law practice in Boston , and built a fortune by purchasing Revolutionary government debts at a discount and receiving full value for them from the government .
He also had three half brothers and one half sister , to whom he frequently refers in his poems , although he never mentions his stepmother .
Jesus Is Lord Church also has several branches and campuses in Manila , and celebrates its anniversary yearly at the Burnham Green and Quirino Grandstand in Rizal Park .
The Football Stadium now regularly hosts matches of the United Football League .
Many species are fire tolerant and thrive in disturbed habitats .
Rural – urban migration is significant in Bintulu because of greater job availability in the town .
Collier , having spent the entire season observing the assistant coaches ' interaction with the team , agreed .
The next day , the JMA and the JTWC both classified the system as a tropical depression .
Strong winds snapped many light poles in the city , and trees and shrubs were broken or uprooted .
Writing in A. R. Orage 's magazine The New Age , the poet and critic F. S. Flint ( a champion of free verse and modern French poetry ) was highly critical of the club and its publications .
He invested in a wide variety of businesses and infrastructure , spurring economic activity in the state .
When they arrived on 27 October , Ozawa transferred to Hyūga and hoisted his flag aboard her .
The other Tres [UNK] head is in the Museo [UNK] de Tres [UNK] .
They participated in the Battle of Cape Engaño in late 1944 , where they [UNK] the American carrier fleet supporting the invasion of Leyte away from the landing beaches .
It was staged in April 1982 at London 's Mermaid Theatre under the direction of John Dexter with Alec McCowen playing the part of Adolf Hitler .
Most critics focused on Heads I and VI , remarking favourably on the progression between the two .
Later in the 19th century , [UNK] were classified as various members of [UNK] , a name coined by American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1868 .
In the 13th century , Manila consisted of a fortified settlement and trading quarter at the shores of the Pasig River , on top of previous older towns .
Bintulu also has Syariah Subordinate Court , located at Tanjung [UNK] , whose area of jurisdiction covers Bintulu District and [UNK] districts .
In addition , the vast palace which Domitian had erected on the Palatine Hill , known as the Flavian Palace , was renamed the " House of the People " , and Nerva himself took up residence in Vespasian 's former villa in the Gardens of Sallust .
He was regularly named as an unused substitute during the 2005 – 06 season – including for two reserve team matches – but became a frequent starter for the Under @-@ 18s in 2006 – 07 after signing a trainee contract in July 2006 .
It briefly emerged into the Gulf of Mexico as a tropical storm early on September 5 .
Similar assaults took place elsewhere along the battalion outpost line .
Ise claimed to have shot down five attacking dive bombers from the second wave and one small bomb detonated on Turret No. 2 .
Captain de [UNK] invented a method of reliably sealing a breech , adopted by the French in 1873 .
Caligula seized Nero 's inheritance and sent him to be brought up by his less wealthy aunt , Domitia [UNK] , who was the mother of Valeria [UNK] , Claudius 's third wife .
The multi @-@ genus approach is based solely on the structure of the male flowers ; no other characters could be consistently associated with one genus or another .
This crater has also been proposed as a future site for a large infrared telescope .
A project is underway to photograph the graves of and memorials to all service personnel from 1914 to the present day and make the images available to the public .
It has subsequently been reissued in several box set compilations , most recently alongside the Christmas specials between " The Christmas Invasion " and " Last Christmas " inclusive in a boxset titled Doctor Who – The 10 Christmas Specials on 19 October 2015 .
The further the section is from the end of the filter , the more accurate the prediction will become , since the effects of the terminating impedances are masked by the intervening sections .
The initial plan was to evacuate with a military transport plane through the Mogadishu International Airport , but this was later abandoned .
Most of them come from Britain , Australia , the Netherlands , Germany , South Africa , New Zealand , Japan , China , the United States , and Indonesia .
Africa , Asia and Pacific Area is headed by a director and is responsible for areas not covered by any of the other bodies .
One commuter railway within Metro Manila is in operation .
The film had " dazzling " debuts in Hungary , Denmark , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , and New Zealand .
On August 8 , 2006 Stone Sour made a special guest appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno to promote and perform their second single " Through Glass . " They also performed at the Japanese festival Summer Sonic midway through the Family Values Tour .
The storm was farther away from Nassau , where winds reached 61 mph ( 98 km / h ) .
More theaters were added during the limited run , and on October 1 , the film officially entered wide release by screening in 706 theaters across North America .
In early 1941 , the Royal Armoured Corps formed three squadrons for use in overseas amphibious operations , one of which was equipped with Tetrarchs .
The 1933 Treasure Coast hurricane was the second @-@ most intense tropical cyclone to strike the United States during the active 1933 Atlantic hurricane season .
The [UNK] Water Services took over the west zone of which Manila is a part .
The hydraulically powered turrets had an elevation capability of − 5 / + 20 degrees .
On 31 July 1972 , Operation [UNK] was launched when thousands of British troops , equipped with armoured cars and armoured bulldozers ( AVREs ) , dismantled the barricades and occupied the area .
Miss Saigon ( Hollywood ) .
[UNK] Japanese radio signals revealed the Japanese plan to the Allies , and 15 submarines were positioned along their anticipated route in an attempt to intercept and sink the ships .
The fort of Bintulu which was built entirely of wood , was in somewhat ruinous condition .
The next morning , under heavy fog , the group made its way by compass toward Yongsan .
Instead , they opted to use frontal attack to breach the perimeter and collapse it as the only hope of achieving success in the battle .
It caused enormous disruption to Chinese society : the census of 754 recorded 52 @.@ 9 million people , but ten years later , the census counted just 16 @.@ 9 million , the remainder having been displaced or killed .
The TARDIS on the cloud was achieved through a mix of fog on the studio floor and post @-@ production special effects .
Monument 23 is sculpted from andesite and falls in the middle of the size range for confirmed colossal heads .
He emigrated to the United States in 1957 , and joined Beth Israel in 1959 .
Prussian worries about growing French influence in Central Europe sparked the War of the Fourth Coalition in 1806 , in which Austria did not participate .
In the early 20th century the first Eastern European Jews settled there , and by the 1920s Eugene 's Jewish community began gathering prayer quorums for holding Friday night and Jewish holiday services in individuals ' homes .
The French and German navies adopted the innovation almost immediately , with licenses being given for the use of the ' Wilson System ' of producing fused armor .
Kauffmann strongly praised the principal cast , calling Newman " first @-@ rate " and writing that Scott 's was " his most credible performance to date . " Laurie , he writes , gives her part " movingly anguished touches " ( although he also mildly criticizes her for over @-@ reliance on Method acting ) .
Around the same time that NY 93 was rerouted , NY 270 was also extended northward along Junction Road from NY 31 to US 104 .
His influence was helped by his ability to reconcile apparent opposites : political conservatives were attracted by his loyalty to the established order , while political radicals embraced his concern for the poor .
The couple were known for their social graces and became prominent members of Boston society .
For the next three decades , Chad became embroiled in civil war and experienced invasions by Libya and upheavals by Sudanese @-@ backed rebels ; the civil war ended in 1990 , although rebel threats had persisted between then and 2008 .
He therefore " lends grandeur " to the wider picture by comparing it to " his own slightly comical triviality " .
These systems are currently undergoing a multibillion @-@ dollar expansion .
The legislature scrutinized the ballots in a partisan manner ( for example , retaining ballots containing misspelled versions of Republican James Sullivan 's name and discarding similar ballots marked for Federalist Caleb Strong ) .
They visited Holland , Belgium , and Switzerland , and spent six months in Paris .
NY 93 turns westward again , following Main Street through the westernmost part of Akron 's central business district prior to curving southwestward at a junction with Mechanic Street .
Operation USA was part of the International Campaign to Ban [UNK] in 1997 when it won the Nobel Peace Prize .
Within the North @-@ western Pacific Ocean , both the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assign names to tropical cyclones that develop in the Western Pacific , which can result in a tropical cyclone having two names .
John ' [UNK] ' Casey , a local activist , painted " You are now entering Free Derry " in white paint on the gable wall of a house on the corner of Lecky Road and [UNK] Street .
" First and foremost , I ’ m loyal to Butler , " Stevens said .
For its second run it remained three weeks at the top before being replaced by Maná 's Drama y Luz for a week ; for its third run at number one , it remained at the top spot for five weeks .
Similarities in teeth , skulls , and hearing structures link the two groups .
The original sources were also said to contradict on a number of events .
Three sliders to the middle .
The Tetrarchs were transported and landed in specially designed General Aircraft Hamilcar gliders .
Houses after the fire were spaced out , built in brick , and faced by porticos on wide roads .
In the latter city , high waves washed out a portion of the causeway .
Nero was not expected to become Emperor because his maternal uncle , Caligula , had begun his reign at the age of 24 with enough time to produce his own heir .
The [UNK] are rectangular plates with an additional trapezoid element at the front .
The 5th District ( 2015 population : 366 @,@ 714 ) covers Ermita , Malate , Port Area , Intramuros , San Andres [UNK] , and a portion of Paco ( except Zone 90 ) .
Operating independently , the corp 's cavalry conducted reconnaissance ahead of them and on the flanks .
Both sides claimed victory .
In addition , there are several hybrids between species that would be considered different genera under Glassman 's five @-@ genus system , which has also been used as an argument for placing them in a single genus .
In huge man @-@ made caverns , barracks , offices , and a fully equipped hospital were constructed , complete with an operating theatre and X @-@ ray equipment .
On April 21 , 2015 , it was announced that Stevens finished fourth in voting for the NBA 's Coach of the Year Award .
Ebert awarded American Beauty four stars out of four , and Turan said it was layered , subversive , complex , and surprising , concluding it was " tart "5 .
During summers , he traveled the country playing AAU basketball .
A caption above the illustration reads " Illustration by Jon Berkeley ( with apologies to [UNK] and The New Yorker ) " .
By mid @-@ morning the French momentum had stalled ; Mortier committed most of his remaining forces to driving [UNK] back , leaving a single [UNK] 300 [UNK] cover his northern flank , and sent the rest to attack the Russian right .
These measures are intended to prevent masonry being damaged during earthquakes or sinking into sodden ground .
At one point in development , HAL decided that the game did not feel like a Kirby game .
The 1st Platoon , 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , was to transport it across the river in assault boats the night of August 31 .
They named the group " Hed " , which stands for " higher education " .
His ERA was the first sub @-@ 2 @.@ 00 ERA since Roger Clemens did it in the 2005 season and the lowest overall since Pedro Martínez in the 2000 season .
In addition to Clara , " The Snowmen " also introduces a redesigned TARDIS , revised title sequence and theme music , and sees changes to the Doctor 's costume .
Some scenes which used snow props were filmed in Portland Square , Bristol , where filming took place overnight on 21 – 22 August 2012 .
Most aquatic [UNK] have flattened heads .
One person died on Miyako @-@ jima after being struck by flying glass .
Past the waterway , the bypass takes a more southerly course through an undeveloped part of the town of Lockport to a junction with Robinson Road ( CR 123 ) on the Lockport – Pendleton town line .
Numerous shopping malls are located in this place , which sells products and goods at bargain price .
The most directly historical of his poems are those commenting on military tactics or the successes and failures of the government , or the poems of advice which he wrote to the emperor .
A catapult and a collapsible 4 @-@ tonne ( 3 @.@ 9 @-@ long @-@ ton ) crane were fitted on the stern during the mid @-@ 1930s modernization , and the ships were equipped to operate three floatplanes , although no hangar was provided .
Boulter starred as " William " in the 2007 production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke .
But a thin iron skin , while not being susceptible to fire or lethal splintering like wood , was not the same thing as providing iron armor calculated to stop enemy gunfire .
It was a part of the Battle of Pusan Perimeter , and was one of several large engagements fought simultaneously .
Because he reigned only briefly , Nerva 's public works were few , instead completing projects which had been initiated under Flavian rule .
Kershaw was selected to the National League team for the 2011 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his first All @-@ Star selection .
" Play your game . Just play your game , " he told them .
In preparation for Callaghan 's visit the " Free Derry " wall was painted white and the " You are now entering Free Derry " sign was professionally re @-@ painted in black lettering .
According to [UNK] and coauthors , three species are found in Mexico , four in Central America , and 62 in South America .
Other dispersers of [UNK] fruit include Crested [UNK] which consume the fruit and disperse the seeds of A. [UNK] in the Brazilian Pantanal .
Bintulu also has one Chinese independent school , Kai Dee Middle School ( [UNK] ) .
[UNK] 's final employer was Erie County , who hired him as an inmate training supervisor at the Erie County Correctional Facility .
They were replaced with the M22 Locust , a purpose @-@ built airborne light tank of American design ; eight Locusts were used by the regiment in March 1945 during Operation Varsity , the airborne operation to cross the river Rhine .
The national government controls the University of the Philippines Manila , the oldest of the University of the Philippines constituent universities and the center of health sciences education in the country .
American Beauty follows a traditional narrative structure , only deviating with the displaced opening scene of Jane and Ricky from the middle of the story .
On 21 January , one of its Catalinas located the Japanese fleet steaming for Rabaul and signalled a warning to the town 's Australian defenders before being shot down by anti @-@ aircraft fire ; it was the squadron 's first combat loss .
Lesnar would defeat Big Show and entered the Royal Rumble as the # 29 entry , the second to last competitor to enter the match .
Similarly , Felson sells his soul and betrays the one person who really knows and loves him in a Faustian pact to gain character .
Eddie stashes his belongings at the local bus terminal , where he meets Sarah Packard , an alcoholic who is supported by her father , attends college part @-@ time , and walks with a limp .
His sexual reawakening through meeting Angela is the first of several turning points as he begins to " [ throw ] off the responsibilities of the comfortable life he has come to despise " .
This equates to an approximate cost of C $ 85 per commemorated war dead .
They had a shallow draft , allowing them to journey up smaller tributaries , and were very well suited for river operations .
Beth Israel came under attack from neo @-@ Nazi members of the [UNK] twice , in 1994 and again in 2002 .
FIFA Club World Cup ( 1 ) : 2008 .
The book generated considerable controversy after its publication because in it , Steiner , who is Jewish , allows Hitler to defend himself when he is put on trial in the jungle by his captors .
Some surviving examples of wooden sculpture recovered from El Manatí demonstrate that the Olmecs are likely to have created many more perishable sculptures than works sculpted from stone .
The Bulldogs then won the Horizon League Tournament to secure an automatic NCAA tournament bid , and received an 8 seed .
The Duplex Drive system was invented by Nicholas [UNK] , and was designed to allow a tank to ' swim ' through water and participate in amphibious operations .
[UNK] is identified as the nearest airfield to the last known location of the search party , and aircraft begin arriving at the hitherto unknown town .
Unlike modern amphibians , many [UNK] are covered in small , closely packed scales .
The old Bintulu airport was built in 1955 in the town centre .
N / A = .
Somali employees of the embassy — known as foreign service nationals ( FSNs ) — could not be evacuated .
Ancient historians describe Nero 's early reign as being strongly influenced by his mother , Agrippina , his tutor Lucius Annaeus Seneca , and the Praetorian Prefect Sextus Afranius [UNK] , especially in the first year .
Pound , who believed that the " Hellenic hardness " that he saw as the distinguishing quality of the poems of H.D. and Aldington was likely to be diluted by the " custard " of Storer , was to play no further direct role in the history of the Imagists .
They could launch aircraft up to 4 @,@ 600 kilograms ( 10 @,@ 100 lb ) in weight and required 30 seconds to launch each aircraft .
I wasn 't the best technician in amateur wrestling but I was strong , had great conditioning , and a hard head .
His principal matter of concern was the enforcement of U.S. neutrality with respect to the French Revolutionary Wars .
Sixth Column , Lieutenant General Freiherr von Rosen , with six battalions of Infantry and ten squadrons of cavalry .
Prior to the 2011 season , Kershaw visited Zambia with his wife as part of a Christian mission organized by Dallas @-@ based Arise Africa .
Iron hulls suffered quick fouling by marine life , slowing the ships down — manageable for a European battlefleet close to dry docks , but a difficulty for long @-@ range ships .
The latter would not resume arms against France until formally exchanged .
Since its inception , the Commission has constructed approximately 2 @,@ 500 war cemeteries and numerous memorials .
The next day , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm [UNK] ( 1329 ) , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) also classified it as Tropical Depression [UNK] .
Manila sits astride the Pacific typhoon belt and is criss @-@ crossed by several fault lines .
The 1st Battalion , under US Lieutenant Colonel Claire E. [UNK] , Jr .
They had a maximum elevation of + 20 degrees which gave them ranges of 16 @,@ 300 metres ( 17 @,@ 800 yd ) .
Apart from its symbolic meaning , it has a compositional function , framing the painting with a further set of vertical lines .
Manila is known for its distinct Art Deco theaters which are designed by National Artists such as Juan [UNK] and Pablo Antonio .
The structure of its tympanum , a disk @-@ like membrane that functions like an ear drum , is similar to that of frogs and has also been used as evidence for a close relationship .
Shortly after the season ended , he signed a contract extension with Butler through the 2011 – 12 season .
Butler finished first in the Horizon League with a 15 – 3 in conference record , defying preseason expectations .
Weeks before the release of Independiente , Arjona issued a letter raising the issue of his past relationships with recording companies .
Within [UNK] , Yates and Warren erected two major clades : [UNK] and [UNK] .
With his death , the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty ended .
His actions deprived the French commanders of a possible route across the Danube , putting the deployment of the entire French division at further risk in the case of retreat .
Over the next day the system waned in convective activity before resuming its previous track and accelerating .
168 American pilots were housed in the RAF messes at North Front .
The film is presumed lost .
Experiments made during the first half of 1854 proved highly satisfactory , and on 17 July 1854 , the French communicated to the British Government that a solution had been found to make gun @-@ proof vessels and that plans would be communicated .
Following the war , the Commission implemented a five @-@ year horticultural renovation programme .
[UNK] is now placed as an early tetrapod outside Temnospondyli , and [UNK] is now considered a [UNK] reptile .
John Denver .
Additionally , Forsyth implemented the transformation in his synthesis of the C3 @-@ C14 ( Substituted 1 @,@ 7 @-@ [UNK] [ 5 @.@ 5 ] [UNK] @-@ 3 @-@ ene ) System of [UNK] acid .
This pattern is seen in living amphibians and fossils .
Manchester United .
[UNK] were reported on the island , forcing the cancellation of several flights .
Although the plot spans one year , the film is narrated by Lester at the moment of his death .
Vertical .
Tracy also serves as Brad 's agent .
The fire started at the southeastern end of the Circus Maximus in shops selling flammable goods .
Nerva was played by Norman Wooland in the 1951 film Quo Vadis .
In the same year , Mendes ( then a theater director ) revived the musical Cabaret in New York with fellow director Rob Marshall .
Modern amphibians ( frogs , salamanders , and caecilians ) are classified in Lissamphibia .
In 2006 , the magazine chose the score as one of 20 essential soundtracks it believed spoke to the " complex and innovative relationships between music and screen storytelling " .
It weighs 11 @.@ 6 tons .
In consequence , Roso was tasked with setting up the unit as its initial commander .
After making the first , Lucious intentionally missed the second free throw .
The player controls paddles along the screen 's edges to knock a bouncing ball , Kirby , into destructible bricks .
The most obvious use of pop music " accompanies and gives context to " Lester 's attempts to recapture his youth ; reminiscent of how the counterculture of the 1960s combated American repression through music and drugs , Lester begins to smoke cannabis and listen to rock music .
He is the only pitcher in MLB history with 15 strikeouts in a game while allowing no hits and no walks .
The tanks followed the road leading to the defensive line and then attempted to out @-@ flank the line by advancing from the right @-@ hand side , using several hills as cover ; the artillery pieces were able to turn and face the assault , however , and one Valentine and one Tetrarch were hit and destroyed .
In 1789 he purchased a large mansion on fashionable Bowdoin Square , and also bought a country estate in Waltham that grew over time to 300 acres ( 120 ha ) .
The Bintulu Port Authority was established in 1981 .
The British later rebuilt the airstrip , and it became fully operational in 1955 .
They charged up William Street against the [UNK] , followed by the ' [UNK] ' .
The core of the unit consisted of 27 volunteers drawn from the Kumrovec Special Police Unit ( SPU ) .
After passing north of the Turks and Caicos islands , the hurricane struck Eleuthera and Harbour Island in the Bahamas on September 3 , the latter at 1100 UTC .
Patterned after U.S. army jeeps , these have been in use since the years immediately following World War II .
When Mack was wounded early in the campaign , he was unable to take full charge of the army .
The win was also his 12th straight home win , tying him with Ed Roebuck ( June 1960 – August 1962 ) and Orel Hershiser ( September 1984 – October 1985 ) for the longest home winning streak since the Dodgers moved to Los Angeles .
It overhung the stern and increased the overall length of the ships to 219 @.@ 62 metres ( 720 ft 6 in ) .
Many of Du 's poems from this period are peaceful depictions of his life at " thatched hut " .
Within 30 minutes he achieved the superiority of numbers he sought .
Stevens ' father , Mark , is an orthopedic surgeon in Indianapolis and former Indiana Hoosiers football player .
Its 1st Battalion had been driven from the river positions and isolated 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) westward .
The first notable Japanese [UNK] of Du Fu 's poetry was [UNK] [UNK] ( 1278 – 1346 ) , a [UNK] Zen patriarch and one of the most prominent authors of the literature of the Five Mountains ; he highly praised Du Fu and made a commentary on some poems of Du Fu from the perspective of a Zen priest in Vol .
The winds knocked over two cranes , killing two people , and left about 9 @,@ 000 homes without power .
After a carriage accident in which the baby is injured , Ezra and Jack rush to the hospital and find Mary as a nurse crying over the child .
Each head is distinct and naturalistic , displaying individualised features .
A decision was reached that the marines would attack west at 08 : 00 on September 3 astride the Yongsan @-@ Naktong River road ; the 9th Infantry , B Company of the 72nd Tank Battalion , and D Battery of the 82d AAA Battalion would attack northwest above the marines and attempt to re @-@ establish contact with the US 23rd Infantry ; the 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , remnants of the 1st Battalion , 9th Infantry , and elements of the 72nd Tank Battalion would attack on the left flank , or south , of the marines to reestablish contact with the 25th Division .
While originally synthesized with [UNK] and the phase transfer catalyst [UNK] chloride , an improved synthesis using [UNK] as the oxidant is now most prevalent .
The Victoria Aces defeated South Australia two games to nil in the championship series to win the tournament ; this was the 22nd time the Claxton Shield had been awarded to a Victorian team .
Some navies even experimented with hollow shot filled with molten metal for extra incendiary power .
Justin Verlander of the Detroit Tigers won the American League Triple Crown the same season , marking the first major @-@ league season since 1924 to feature Triple Crown @-@ winning pitchers in both leagues .
" At the time , I thought it was something I really wanted to try . " Tracy went back to school to get a law degree that could support the couple if things did not work out for Brad .
Their bones are not highly developed for movement on land .
Independiente was first digitally released in some South American countries on 23 September 2011 as a special edition , dubbed the [UNK] Sur Edition .
Many basketball commentators picked UTEP to pull the upset , and at halftime it looked like they might be right , as UTEP led 33 – 27 .
To find the necessary funds for the reconstruction , tributes were imposed on the provinces of the empire .
New York interpreted the New York @-@ centric mind 's view of the rest of the world as a set of outer boroughs as iconic .
The La [UNK] region was the source of the basalt used for carving all of the colossal heads in the Olmec heartland .
The civil war during the year of the Four Emperors was described by ancient historians as a troubling period .
In 1979 , the US negotiated access to an airport and port in both Mogadishu and Berbera ; because of limited access the US had to locations in the Persian Gulf area , maintaining this access was a main interest for the Mogadishu embassy to pursue as the US mobilized to intervene in Kuwait .
The North Koreans at one place had crossed at the [UNK] ferry , captured Agok , and scattered A Company , 9th Infantry at its positions from Agok northward .
Lupit later began a prolonged movement to the northwest , during which it passed near several islands in Yap State .
It bears the same functions of the deactivated National Capital Regional Command , although it operates on a much smaller size than its predecessor .
It had a large headdress that reaches to the eyebrows but any details have been lost through erosion .
Presumably he owed his position as archdeacon to his uncle and was probably appointed at a young age .
The storm weakened over land and emerged into the South China Sea .
Cope placed [UNK] in the class Batrachia , the name then used for Amphibia .
The most recent known temnospondyl was the giant [UNK] [UNK] , known from the Early Cretaceous of Australia .
Wagner stated the film had sufficient action and pathos without sexual suggestiveness ; which should prove a strong program for the Pathé program .
Incomplete herbarium collections make it difficult to determine whether certain groups represent single species , or groups of similar species .
Heyman was convinced more than anyone that Lesnar could not win , trying to talk him out of defending the title .
Criticism of Du Fu 's works has focused on his strong sense of history , his moral engagement , and his technical excellence .
Other trees that are planned for plantations are [UNK] , [UNK] , durian , [UNK] , eucalyptus , and rubber trees .
On 25 November 1941 , following the loss of HMAS Sydney , one of No. 20 Squadron 's Catalinas was despatched to Western Australia to join a No. 11 Squadron Catalina in search @-@ and @-@ rescue missions , but they found only oil slicks .
Also on November 4 , the JMA downgraded [UNK] to tropical depression status off the northeast Vietnam coast .
Rainfall in Taiwan reached 69 mm ( 2 @.@ 7 in ) in Ilan County .
With Kershaw 's career high of 248 strikeouts thrown during the 2011 season , he donated $ 492 @,@ 300 toward his $ 70 @,@ 000 goal .
Gore and other Federalists raised a public outcry , and the legislature relented , eventually certifying Strong as the winner .
When Josepha [UNK] began painting for [UNK] Gallery in central Australia , she indicated that her name was Josepha rather than Josie , and that this was how she henceforth wished to be known ; however [UNK] 's biography is the only source that has used that version of her name .
F. B. Pinion believed that the fourth section of the poem costs " Eliot more trouble and vexation than any passage of the same length he ever wrote , and is his greatest achievement in the Four Quartets . " E. M. Forster did not like Eliot 's emphasis on pain and responded to the poem : " Of course there 's pain on and off through each individual 's life ... You can 't shirk it and so on . But why should it be endorsed by the schoolmaster and sanctified by the priest until the fire and the rose are one when so much of it is caused by disease and bullies ? It is here that Eliot becomes unsatisfactory as a seer . " Writing in 2003 , Roger Scruton wrote that in " Little Gidding " Eliot achieved " that for which he envies Dante — namely , a poetry of belief , in which belief and words are one , and in which the thought cannot be prized free from the controlled and beautiful language " .
Mendes ' dominating visual style was deliberate and composed , with a minimalist design that provided " a sparse , almost surreal feeling — a bright , crisp , hard edged , near Magritte @-@ like take on American suburbia " ; Mendes constantly directed his set dressers to empty the frame .
As a result , many naval engagements in the ' Age of the Ironclad ' were still fought at ranges within easy eyesight of their targets , and well below the maximum reach of their ships ' guns .
These heads , together with a number of monumental stone thrones , probably formed a processional route across the site , powerfully displaying its dynastic history .
A warrant officer who had previously served as a Marine Security Guard at the Mogadishu embassy during the mid @-@ 1980s was found .
Variety praised the performances of the entire main cast but felt that the " sordid aspects " of the story prevented the film from achieving the " goal of being pure entertainment . " Variety also felt the film was far too long .
It stars Paul Newman as " Fast " Eddie Felson , Jackie Gleason as Minnesota Fats , Piper Laurie as Sarah , and George C. Scott as Bert .
The film is described by academics as a satire of American middle @-@ class notions of beauty and personal satisfaction ; analysis has focused on the film 's explorations of romantic , and paternal love , sexuality , beauty , materialism , self @-@ liberation , and redemption .
Within twenty @-@ four days the rebellion was crushed , and its leaders at Mainz savagely punished .
The Burnham Plan included development of the road system , the use of waterways for transportation , and beautification of Manila with the improvement of waterfronts , construction of parks , parkways and various building for various activities .
Below them , North Koreans continued crossing the river and moving supplies forward to their combat units , some of them already several miles eastward .
The Chinese have been living in the town of [UNK] since the era of Bruneian Empire .
Lowell persuaded D. H. Lawrence to contribute poems to the 1915 and 1916 volumes , making him the only writer to publish as both a Georgian poet and an Imagist .
Guam and Trenton carried forces from the 4th Marine Expeditionary Brigade , including a detachment of CH @-@ 53E Super Stallion helicopters — the largest helicopters operated by the US military — and two squadrons of CH @-@ 46 Sea Knight helicopters .
Gomes is quoted as saying " We had these romantic visions of the music industry , and we thought it would be cool to be a punk band on a rap label . So we fulfilled that dream , but it was also probably the worst thing that could have happened . [ ... ] We 've had offers from Sony and others that we can 't take because we owe Jive so much money . " .
The Commission 's undertakings began in earnest at the end of the First World War .
According to the plan , in late morning [UNK] 's column would emerge from the mountains first and launch a flanking assault on the French right .
Inland , the cyclone weakened rapidly but produced prodigious amounts of rain , causing a dam to collapse near Tampa .
He convinced Ball by indicating that in Greek mythology , the hero " has a moment of epiphany before [ ... ] tragedy occurs " .
Inoki Genome Federation promoter Antonio Inoki had stated Lesnar was the " proper " IWGP Heavyweight Champion as he was not defeated for the title .
With 2 : 45 to go in the game , the score was 47 – 44 Butler .
However , I do not wish to take the responsibility of putting Yeats or anybody else into Hell and I do not want to impute to him the particular vice which took [UNK] there .
Ball was partly inspired by two encounters he had in the early 1990s .
Kershaw and his wife , Ellen , co @-@ authored a book named Arise : Live Out Your Faith and Dreams on Whatever Field You Find Yourself about their Christian faith and their humanitarian efforts .
The Group 's function was the control of Royal Air Force units operating from Gibraltar .
Many of the men moved south , a few of them coming into A Company 's ridge line positions near Agok during the night .
A total of 20 UB Is were built .
The album — the first independent release by Arjona after he was signed by Sony Music in 1993 and Warner Music in 2008 — was issued by his own label , Metamorfosis .
Wanderone immediately adopted the Minnesota Fats nickname and parlayed his association with the film into book and television deals and other ventures .
The book was released on January 10 , 2012 through Regal Press .
Coupled with a shortage of trained pilots , neither ship ever used its aircraft during combat .
The San Lorenzo heads are believed to be the oldest , and are the most skillfully executed .
Nero also was reported to have kicked Poppaea to death in 65 before she could have his second child .
The growing wealth and education attracted indigenous , Chinese , Indians , Latinos , and Europeans from the provinces to Manila , all of whom elected a nascent Filipino citizenship regardless of ethnicity .
After barely fifteen months in office , Nerva died of natural causes on 27 January 98 .
Kutuzov , who had learned the military arts under the tutelage of the legendary Russian Generalissimo Suvorov , had overall command .
These events led Claudius , Caligula 's uncle , to become emperor .
On April 5 , 2010 , Butler and Duke faced off in what The New York Times called " the most eagerly awaited championship game in years " .
Fighting spread though the villages of [UNK] , [UNK] and the farm at [UNK] .
He attempted several times to prosecute the French consul in Boston , Antoine [UNK] , for arming and operating privateers out of the Port of Boston , but he was stymied by local juries that sympathized with the French .
Ball removed the sequence because it did not fit the structure of the rest of the film — Col. Fitts was the only character to have a flashback — and because it removed the element of surprise from Col. Fitts ' later pass at Lester .
The match was later voted " Match of the Year " during the 2015 Slammy Awards .
She can walk with the aide of a caliper , and also uses a wheelchair .
Stevens had received a raise after each of his three seasons at Butler and his contract contains a buyout clause estimated in the high six or low seven figures .
No significant craters intersect the rim , and it is sloped about 1 @.@ 5 ° toward the direction 50 – 90 ° from the Earth .
On release , the four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly applauded Kirby 's Block Ball for modifying the Breakout formula to create a new and enjoyable game .
On 30 September , the digital download for the standard edition of the album was released in several Latin American and European countries .
Roman and Greek sources nowhere report Nero 's alleged trip to Jerusalem or his alleged conversion to Judaism .
While there was never another Du Fu , individual poets followed in the traditions of specific aspects of his work : Bai Juyi 's concern for the poor , Lu You 's patriotism , and Mei [UNK] 's reflections on the quotidian are a few examples .
In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in the episode " Teddy 's Story " of the television series The Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi .
The ships were turned into floating AA batteries over the next several months although it availed them little when they were attacked again by American carrier aircraft in July .
He was the third player in history to lead the Majors in ERA three years in a row , joining Greg Maddux ( 1993 – 95 ) and Lefty Grove ( 1929 – 31 ) .
The maintenance of war graves and memorials in Iraq has remained difficult since Iran – Iraq War in the 1980s , with regular maintenance being impractical since after the Gulf War .
All available men from Headquarters Company and special units were formed into squads and put into the fight at the most critical points .
There was concern in Rome over how the young Emperor would handle the situation .
McCarthy conceded that the setting was familiar , but said it merely provided the film with a " tart "1 from which to tell its " tart "2 .
With Ezra 's money exhausted he seeks employment and finds it as the valet of Jack .
Each of these shells weighed 673 @.@ 5 kilograms ( 1 @,@ 485 lb ) and was fired at a muzzle velocity of 770 – 775 metres per second ( 2 @,@ 530 – 2 @,@ 540 ft / s ) .
By his proposal the legislature decided that presidential electors would be chosen by a joint session .
As long @-@ range monitors they could reach Bermuda unescorted , for example .
HMS Benbow carried two 16 @.@ 25 @-@ inch ( 413 mm ) breech @-@ loading guns , each weighing 110 tons — no British battleship would ever carry guns as large .
The full show established him in the minds of critics as , according to Michael Peppiatt , " more of a force to be reckoned with in the contemporary scene " .
Nero is portrayed as a tyrant , but those that replace him are not described as better .
He scored , and his team went on to win the game 3 – 2 , together with the league title .
While a service with 80 members attending was taking place , the men threw rocks etched with Nazi swastikas through the synagogue 's stained glass windows , then sped off .
McAllen , Texas .
The 42 men of the 2nd Platoon , B Company , 23rd Infantry held outpost positions on seven hills covering a 2 @,@ 600 yards ( 2 @,@ 400 m ) front along the east bank of the Naktong north of Pugong @-@ ni .
During the 1992 games , the NOC sent the nation 's first female Olympian .
Family [UNK] .
Some [UNK] have [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] vertebrae at different points in the same vertebral column .
One day , Mary seeks an announcement of Jack 's engagement to a cabaret girl known as " The Baby Vamp " .
In 2000 , the [UNK] Guild of America recognized DreamWorks for the best film publicity campaign .
Some skeletons of [UNK] were later found with long ribs , prompting its reassignment to [UNK] ( although more detailed studies found it to be a temnospondyl ) .
a myriad of additional Jewish cultural / religious issues , such as the acceptance of intermarried couples , adherence to kosher dietary laws , the use of modern language and music during worship services , rewriting of certain prayers such as the [UNK] to make them less ethnocentric , and so on .
GameRankings , an aggregator for video game reviews , assigned the game a score of 77 % based on 2 reviews .
Plutarch .
Stevens attended [UNK] Community High School , where he became a star basketball player .
He won the match by knockout after Hardy was unable to respond to referee Theodore Long .
Until 1805 , Dürenstein was probably best known as the village in which crusader Richard the Lionheart was held by Leopold V , Duke of Austria .
After his return to London , with the commission work still stopped , he and Rebecca embarked on a tour of Europe .
WWE Championship ( 4 times ) 2 .
A similar two dimensional construct is found in Henry Moore 's works , notably his " [UNK] for King and Queen " , constructed three years after Bacon 's Head .
Ball remained involved throughout production ; he had signed a television show development deal , so had to get permission from his producers to take a year off to be close to American Beauty .
Of the three tanks that started , only the lead tank got through to Yongsan .
According to the Encyclopædia Britannica , Du Fu 's writings are considered by many literary critics to be among the greatest of all time , and it states " his dense , compressed language makes use of all the connotative overtones of a phrase and of all the [UNK] potentials of the individual word , qualities that no translation can ever reveal . " .
Classically , laboratory epoxidation is carried out with [UNK] or other [UNK] .
Intensity estimates of maximum sustained wind are currently within 5 miles per hour ( 8 @.@ 0 km / h ) of what aircraft are able to measure half of the time , though the assignment of intensity of systems with strengths between moderate tropical @-@ storm force ( 60 miles per hour ( 97 km / h ) ) and weak [UNK] or typhoon @-@ force ( 100 miles per hour ( 160 km / h ) ) is the least certain .
All had two bow torpedo tubes and two torpedoes , and were equipped with a deck @-@ mounted machine gun .
UPM Bintulu Sarawak Campus was started as the National Resource Training Centre , Kuching , in 1974 .
Optical imaging inside the crater was done for the first time by the Japanese lunar orbiter spacecraft Kaguya in 2007 .
Members of the Philippine military and Department of Public Works and Highways worked to clean up following the storm .
The Italian 450 mm ( 17 @.@ 72 inch ) guns would be larger than any gun fitted to a battleship until the 18 @.@ 1 @-@ inch ( 460 mm ) armament of the Japanese Yamato class of World War II .
The example of the ironclads had some bearing on the history of the tank , as ironclad warships became an inspiration for ideas of [UNK] and other armored vehicles .
Bert Gordon - Nominated Villain .
At the same time , they launched their bombing campaign in Derry .
The Type UB I was a class of small coastal submarines ( U @-@ boats ) built in Germany at the beginning of the First World War .
God 's love allows humankind to be redeemed and escape the living hell through purgation by fire .
The French government agreed under the condition that cemeteries respected certain dimensions , were accessible by public road , were in the vicinity of medical aid stations and were not too close to towns or villages .
Throughout the season , sea surface temperatures within the western equatorial Pacific were above normal , including those in the South China Sea .
The episode features the final appearance of Dianna Agron , famous for her role as Quinn Fabray on Glee , as Jenny [UNK] , Veronica ’ s classmate .
Lester Burnham is a middle @-@ aged advertising executive and magazine writer who despises his job .
1932 to follow Saunders Settlement Road between Shawnee Road ( NY 425 ) and Upper Mountain Road .
On April 3 , Brad Stevens and the Butler Bulldogs faced off with Michigan State in the national semi @-@ finals .
The first notice that an evacuation of the Mogadishu embassy would be needed came on the morning of 1 January , when the top naval commander at Central Command sent a message to his naval operations staff : " Better have [UNK] crowd take a look at a [UNK] NEO of Mogadishu ! time / distance to get there from Masirah OP area . " Following the ambassador 's 2 January evacuation request , the commander of Central Command ordered Air Force aircraft to the region , the movement of amphibious ships to Mogadishu , and requested United States Special Operations Command to prepare for a noncombatant evacuation operation .
It covers the western portion of Tondo that lies along Manila Bay .
Gore was influential in making hiring decisions for the branch , and sought to merge state @-@ chartered banks into the organization , arguing that only a nationally chartered bank could provide consistent and stable service .
Not knowing he was making the case for his own daughter , Ezra convinces Jack to seek out Mary and forget the Baby Vamp .
The most spectacular raids with the P. 108 bombers were flown in October 1942 when several night attacks against Gibraltar were undertaken from Sardinia .
A report on the tank written in January 1941 stated that as the commander had to both fight and control the tank , controlling a troop of Tetrarchs during combat would be almost impossible .
By August , in the division 's preparation for the planned breakout from the Normandy bridgehead , the majority of Tetrarchs in ' A ' Squadron were replaced with Cromwell fast cruiser tanks ; only three Tetrarchs remained , assigned to the Headquarters troop of ' A ' Squadron .
Stevens had previously made US $ 395 @,@ 000 plus benefits in base salary , a relatively low figure for a successful Division I head basketball coach .
Wrestling Observer Newsletter .
Tacitus was the son of a procurator , who married into the elite family of Agricola .
Following a privatisation exercise , Bintulu Port Sdn Bhd ( [UNK] ) was founded on 23 December 1992 and commenced operation on 1 January 1993 .
Eddie refuses and Charlie realizes he plans to challenge Fats again .
The typhoon weakened due to increasing wind shear , deteriorating to severe tropical storm status on September 22 before JMA declared it extratropical on September 23 .
The illustration is split in two parts , with the bottom half of the image showing Manhattan 's 9th Avenue , 10th Avenue , and the Hudson River ( appropriately labeled ) , and the top half depicting the rest of the world .
Survivors later estimated there were about twenty separate infantry attacks repulsed .
In the Tourism Act of 2009 , Rizal Park along with Intramuros are designated as flagship destination to become a tourism enterprise zone .
Furthermore , they had been told the embassy could be discerned by its white stucco perimeter wall and golf course .
1 Temnospondyli , 2 [UNK] , 3 [UNK] , 4 [UNK] , 5 [UNK] , 6 [UNK] , 7 [UNK] , 8 [UNK] , 9 [UNK] , 10 [UNK] , 11 [UNK] , 12 [UNK] , 13 [UNK] , 14 [UNK] .
Lesnar topped the list for MMA at $ 5 @.@ 3 million , which included his reported bout salaries and estimated pay @-@ per @-@ view bonuses .
Also , fees for lawyers were limited .
Olmec colossal heads were fashioned as in @-@ the @-@ round monuments with varying levels of relief on the same work ; they tended to feature higher relief on the face and lower relief on the earspools and headdresses .
Owing to its history and cultural value , Intramuros and Rizal Park are designated as flagship destination to become a tourism enterprise zone in the Tourism Act of 2009 .
Lesnar successfully retained his title with help from Rey Mysterio and a forklift .
On [UNK] Island , [UNK] , in the Brazilian Amazon , [UNK] [UNK] fruit were consumed by tapirs , collared peccaries , deer and primates .
The latter included a government center occupying all of Wallace Field , which extends from Luneta to the present Taft Avenue .
On June 26 , 2007 Stone Sour released a special edition version of the album , it included six previously unreleased tracks and a bonus DVD which featured three music videos and a complete live performance of the band in Moscow .
Austin , Texas .
This had been built prior to the First World War and included camouflaged pillboxes , machine @-@ gun nests and dug @-@ in 75 mm artillery pieces ; the latter , although not specifically designed for an anti @-@ tank role , could penetrate the armour of both the Tetrarchs and the Valentines .
The boats were equipped with compensating tanks designed to flood and offset the loss of the C / 06 torpedo 's 1 @,@ 700 @-@ pound ( 770 kg ) weight , but this system did not always function properly ; as a result , when firing from periscope depth the boat could broach after firing or , if too much weight was taken on , plunge to the depths .
The hurricane initially followed the course of another hurricane that passed through the area in late August , which ultimately struck Cuba and Texas .
Hall 's approach was to create peaceful compositions that evoked classicism , to contrast with the turbulent on @-@ screen events and allow audiences to take in the action .
The evidence of complex society developing in the Olmec heartland has led to the Olmecs being regarded as the " Mother Culture " of Mesoamerica , although this concept remains controversial .
In 2011 , he won the pitching Triple Crown and the National League Cy Young Award , becoming the youngest pitcher to accomplish either of these feats since Dwight Gooden in 1985 .
After the London Paralympics , Dodd took up wheelchair basketball .
His father died around 740 .
In the earliest stages of the First World War the German Army 's rapid advance along the North Sea coast found the German Imperial Navy without submarines suitable to operate in the narrow and shallow seas off Flanders .
It was hailed as the precursor to the new Australian Baseball League that will start in the place of the Claxton Shield in late 2010 to early 2011 .
During the course of the war , Gibraltar came under aerial bombardment from Vichy French aircraft and from aircraft of the Italian Royal Air Force ( Regia Aeronautica ) based on Sardinia .
[UNK] may have inherited their armor from a terrestrial ancestor , as both [UNK] and [UNK] have been considered close relatives of the group .
Gore ran against Gerry again in 1811 , but lost in another acrimonious campaign .
There is no existing Catalogue raisonné of Josepha [UNK] 's artworks , to date , no fakes have been cited .
From their initial June 25 offensive to fights in July and early August , the North Koreans used this strategy to effectively defeat any UN force and push it south .
The division had numbered 17 @,@ 498 on September 1 , but was in excellent position to attack despite its casualties .
Instead , he decided to bring them back in the main series .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 4 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 4 ) weighs 6 tons and has been moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
On April 2 , Butler beat fellow Cinderella team VCU 70 – 62 to make it to a second consecutive national championship game .
Seneca was accused of having relations with Agrippina and embezzlement .
Their crew consisted of 1 @,@ 360 officers and enlisted men .
On October 31 , [UNK] made landfall in northeastern Luzon near Cagayan , and developed a symmetric eyewall while initially moving over land .
Operation USA also relies on film and theater promotions to generate funds that pay for aid , including : .
An unseen figure raises a gun to the back of his head , a gunshot sounds , and blood sprays on the wall .
Ball 's inspiration for the characters came from a thought he had after seeing a " bland , boring , heterosexual couple " who wore matching clothes : " I can 't wait for the time when a gay couple can be just as boring . " Ball also included aspects of a gay couple he knew who had the same forename .
Dead and dying US troops were in almost every foxhole .
Veronica and Wallace speak to a mechanical engineering professor , who says that it would be impossible for Weevil to be the culprit .
On July 22 , Lesnar joined the SmackDown ! brand .
The Pacific Ocean , slightly wider than the Hudson , separates the United States from three flattened land masses labeled China , Japan and Russia .
Indirectly , he wrote about the effect of the times in which he lived on himself , and on the ordinary people of China .
Kershaw won the Warren Spahn Award for 2013 , the second time he had won the award , which honors the best left @-@ handed pitcher in the Major Leagues .
The contribution from each country is proportionate to the number of graves the CWGC maintains on behalf of that country .
1933 , allowing the NY 293 designation to be transferred to another highway in Orange County .
At 23 : 00 the barrage lifted and the North Koreans attacked 2nd Platoon , forcing it from the hill after a short fight .
The monument was discovered at a depth of 5 metres ( 16 ft ) during a magnetometer survey of the site in 1968 ; it has been dated to the Early Preclassic .
Some modern historians theorize that Nero 's execution of Agrippina was prompted by her plotting to set [UNK] Plautus on the throne .
Since 1978 the town of Bintulu has been administered by the Bintulu Development Authority ( BDA ) , with offices located along Jalan Tanjung [UNK] .
The La [UNK] head was almost certainly carved from a raw boulder rather than being sculpted from a throne .
It stands at 159 meters ( 522 ft ) , on the highest ridge of a mountain fissured with clefts and pinnacles of granite .
After discovery it was initially reburied ; it was moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa in 1986 .
Of the seventeen boats in German service , two were sold to Austria @-@ Hungary , one was sold to Bulgaria , and nine were lost during the war .
Manila Day , which celebrates the city 's founding on June 24 , 1571 , was first proclaimed by Herminio A. Astorga ( then Vice Mayor of Manila ) on June 24 , 1962 and has been annually commemorated , under the patronage of John the Baptist .
In China , record rainfall was reported .
Amos was named as an unused substitute for the Under @-@ 18 side for the first time on 8 January 2005 , for a league game against Manchester City .
To use absolutely no word that does not contribute to the presentation .
In December 2013 , it was discovered that Second Lieutenant Philip Frederick Cormack , who was previously commemorated on the Arras Flying Services Memorial , had in fact been buried in a French military cemetery in [UNK] , East @-@ Flanders in Belgium .
Poetry 's April issue published what came to be seen as " Imagism 's enabling text " , the haiku @-@ like poem of Ezra Pound entitled " In a Station of the Metro " : .
They are also the most common amphibians from the deposit in which the eggs were found .
He was also played by Giuliano Gemma in the 1964 film Revolt of the Praetorians .
A covering descends from under the headdress to cover the back half of the neck .
I am about to scream madly in the office / Especially when they bring more papers to pile higher on my desk .
The Silurian Madame Vastra , her human wife Jenny Flint , and the Sontaran Strax ( all returning from " A Good Man Goes to War " ) describe a number of strange phenomena to a shadowed fourth detective .
Lesnar would then eliminate The Undertaker last and win the Royal Rumble , which guaranteed him a title match at WrestleMania XIX .
Seventeen confirmed examples are known .
( − ) [UNK] was synthesized via [UNK] epoxidation as a late stage transformation as seen below .
Later in the season , he was suspended for five games after hitting Aaron Rowand of the Giants with a pitch in a game on July 20 .
His teams are known for their defense , forcing opponents into uncharacteristic mistakes .
On 13 December 1943 , the War Office decided to expand the squadron into a regiment equipped with a combination of light tanks and conventional reconnaissance vehicles such as scout cars , and on 1 April 1944 , it was re @-@ designated as the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment .
Galba began his short reign with the execution of many allies of Nero and possible future enemies .
The Derry Citizens Defence Association ( [UNK] ) declared their intention to hold the area against both the RUC and the British Army until their demands were met .
In February 2010 , the Mexican Secretaría de [UNK] [UNK] ( Secretariat of Foreign Affairs ) announced that the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia would be donating a replica Olmec colossal head to Ethiopia , to be placed in Plaza Mexico in Addis Ababa .
Hill was there , but escaped to the rear just before midnight , together with several others , when the division canceled Operation Manchu because of the attacks .
The building block of constant k filters is the half @-@ section " L " network , composed of a series impedance Z , and a shunt admittance Y. The " k " in " constant k " is the value given by , .
Lesnar was born in Webster , South Dakota , on July 12 , 1977 .
Since the 15th century the local inhabitants practiced viticulture and the wine producers formed St. Paul [UNK] ' Guild in 1447 , the oldest such guild in the German @-@ speaking world .
The face is slightly asymmetric , which may be due to error on the part of the sculptors or may accurately reflect the physical features of the portrait 's subject .
On the third day of fighting , 14 August , the Northern Ireland Government mobilised the Ulster Special Constabulary ( B @-@ Specials ) , a force greatly feared by nationalists in Derry and elsewhere .
The [UNK] survived , as well as a few [UNK] and [UNK] .
In June 1941 , however , the British intelligence foiled a new attempt , by a German agent , to attach a mine alongside an Allied cargo ship .
Nearly 3 @,@ 000 Austrians were captured and over 400 were killed or wounded .
Russia built a number of ironclads , generally copies of British or French designs .
While in the vicinity , Dujuan produced gusts of 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) on Yonaguni , a Japanese subdivision of Okinawa .
Experts disagree about the number of species in the genus [UNK] ( broadly defined ) .
This conceit is abandoned in Bacon 's series .
Ball was also keen ; having seen Cabaret , he was impressed with Mendes ' " keen visual sense " and thought he did not make obvious choices .
On the west side of the Naktong , North Korean Major General Pak Kyo Sam , commanding the NK 9th Division , issued his operations order to the division on August 28 .
To that end , he called for the Japanese Navy to maintain a fleet with at least 70 % as many capital ships as the US Navy .
Principal photography lasted about 50 days from December 14 , 1998 , to February 1999 .
Hed PE 's second album , Broke , incorporated classic rock and world music influences , while Back 2 Base X was influenced by classic punk bands such as the Sex Pistols and the Clash , Insomnia was influenced by thrash metal bands such as Slayer , and New World Orphans was influenced by Suicidal Tendencies and Minor Threat .
For the first time , a large warship faced a serious threat from a smaller one — and given the relative inefficiency of shellfire against ironclads , the threat from the spar torpedo was taken seriously .
In 1993 , elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica , fighting in the area of Škabrnja .
On the carriage ride home , Jenny notices it is beginning to snow and Vastra notes that the snow should be impossible because there are no clouds in the sky .
Remnant withdrew his motion , allowing the Commission to carry out its work assured of support for its principles .
At the time , the radius of maximum winds was 15 mi ( 24 km ) , which was smaller than average .
The wayward Mary was romanced and abandoned by Jack [UNK] , later bearing his child .
Late in the first half , Duke went on an 8 – 0 run to take a 26 – 20 lead .
[UNK] [UNK] represented Chad at the Beijing Olympics in the men 's 100 meters dash .
After Murdac 's death in 1153 , Osbert was opposed to William 's return as archbishop , but was unsuccessful in his attempts to prevent William 's reappointment .
Both trailers ended with the poster image of a girl holding a rose .
Early in the typhoon 's existence , Chan @-@ hom posed a potential threat to Guam , but remained well east of the island .
Few surviving sources paint Nero in a favourable light .
On Selection Sunday , the Bulldogs were seeded fifth in the West regional of the NCAA tournament and given a first @-@ round match up with twelfth seeded UTEP on March 18 .
On June 12 , a federal judge dismissed the case at the request of both legal parties .
Originally , [UNK] were classified according to the structure of their vertebrae .
The Commission has , and continues to , also provide support for war graves outside its traditional mandate .
In 2015 , [UNK] partners with [UNK] to raise fund for its project , which is to deliver recovery aid to Nepal Earthquake victims .
It is the second bridge in Malaysia built using the incremental launch method .
The critic for The Observer wrote , " The recent paintings ... horrifying as they are , cannot be ignored . Technically they are superb , and the masterly handling of large areas of pearly grey , flushed with a sudden pink or green , only makes me regret the more that the artist 's gift should have been brought to subjects so esoteric " .
The attack tapered off with the coming of daylight , but that night it resumed .
Currently , the film holds an 88 % score on Rotten Tomatoes based on 180 reviews , with an average rating of 8 @.@ 2 / 10 ; the critical consensus reads , " [UNK] cast and brimming with dark , acid wit , American Beauty is a smart , provocative high point of late ' 90s mainstream Hollywood film . " Metacritic gives the film a score of 86 , based on 33 reviews , indicating " universal acclaim . " .
The Mirror 's Jon Cooper also praised Coleman and the new side of the Doctor that was shown , comparing it to Rose Tyler ( Billie Piper ) challenging the Ninth Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) .
He decided that a team 's play will reflect the mood of its coach ; a calm coach means a team that will remain poised in difficult game situations , while a nervous coach means a team that plays on edge .
[UNK] played for the Wolverines in consecutive undefeated National Championship seasons in 1947 and 1948 .
Shortly after , Krovanh made landfall on Luzon at peak intensity with winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) .
Newman was originally unavailable to play Fast Eddie regardless , being committed to star opposite Elizabeth Taylor in the film Two for the Seesaw .
The first heavy weapons carrying party was on its way up the hill when the North Korean attack engulfed the men below .
Rainfall there reached 183 mm ( 7 @.@ 2 in ) .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) monitored three additional cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity that were not monitored by the JMA .
Meanwhile , Carolyn is sitting in her car in the rain , taking a gun out of the glove box while a voice on the radio talks about not being a victim .
Sir Edwin Lutyens furthered his long @-@ standing working relationship with horticulturist Gertrude Jekyll , whose devotion to traditional cottage garden plants and roses greatly influenced the appearance of the cemeteries .
On May 12 against the New York Mets , he struck out 13 while pitching a three @-@ hit complete game shutout .
Jane and Angela constantly reference sex , through Angela 's descriptions of her supposed sexual encounters and the way the girls address each other .
The Royal Navy 's ironclads only saw action as part of colonial battles or one @-@ sided engagements like the bombardment of Alexandria in 1882 .
This makes the cemeteries easily recognisable and distinguishes them from war graves administered by other groups or countries .
It peaked at No. 20 on the Top Independent Albums chart and at No. 186 on the Billboard 200 .
In interviews , he said that he saw flaws in Velázquez 's work and that he viewed that social structure and order as , according to art historian Wieland Schmied , " obsolete and decayed " .
Vitellius overthrew Otho .
The lopsided result is due to the vastly larger number of American claims , but also to some key early decisions that favored American interpretations in the processing of the claims , and by a British administration that sought to remain in America 's good graces .
Ise was briefly fitted with an aircraft flying @-@ off platform for a Mitsubishi [UNK] fighter on Turret No. 2 in 1927 .
Hall felt the consequent wide shot " worked perfectly for the tone of the scene " .
Kershaw became the first Dodgers starter to strike out the side in the 9th inning since Sandy Koufax 's perfect game .
The episode received mostly positive reviews .
He started nine games for the 1947 team .
Locusta then devised a new concoction that she promised would " kill swifter than a viper . " .
As of 2011 , the hospital provides speciality services in seven medical disciplines .
Suetonius .
In March 1915 , the Commission , with the support of the Red Cross , began to dispatch photographic prints and cemetery location information in answer to the requests .
Further delays were caused by the bombing raids of the Luftwaffe during May 1941 against the factories where the tanks were assembled .
The first torpedoes were static mines , used extensively in the American Civil War .
The idea for the head series came after he returned penniless , late in 1948 , from a stay in Tangier .
The head was found in its original context ; associated finds have been radiocarbon dated to between 1000 and 600 BC .
The mutinous legions were sent to the front of Illyricum , while those who had assisted in their defeat were duly rewarded .
The mixed ceramics have been dated to the San Lorenzo and Villa Alta phases ( approximately 1400 – 1000 BC and 800 – 1000 AD respectively ) .
Mikael Wood , the critic for Los Angeles Times , commended the group for " having a genuinely great time " , rather than going through the motions .
" had the possibilities to record this song with very well known people "2 evokes " had the possibilities to record this song with very well known people "3 Arjona had at college ; he asserted that he " had the possibilities to record this song with very well known people "4 .
Nintendo Power said they enjoyed Block Ball and its number of stages , but wondered how its eight megabits of memory were being used .
† — A game postponed from Round 7 , held in Round 8 , was played with Victoria Aces as the away team and Queensland Rams as the home team , despite being played at Geelong Baseball Park , Geelong , Victoria .
Kershaw picked up his 1,000th career strikeout on April 17 , 2013 , when he struck out Yonder Alonso of the Padres .
A further appeal to the papal court was referred to papal judges @-@ delegate between 1175 and 1180 .
First , he knew the positions of the French from prisoners his Cossacks had captured .
He is the fourth person to fill this position .
The United Kingdom possessed the largest navy in the world for the whole of the ironclad period .
The French had retreated from the field with a badly mauled division and Kutuzov had secured the right flank .
Several Mainline Protestant denominations are headquartered in the city .
The plant started operation on 1 October 1985 .
Husbands @-@ Hankin has had four assistant or associate rabbis working with him .
In April 2015 , Stevens led the Celtics to the NBA Playoffs as the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference with a 40 – 42 record .
After 1921 , no further widespread search for bodies was undertaken and in February 1921 responsibility of the cemeteries was transferred to the Commission .
The rear turrets , the barbettes and their supporting structures were removed beginning in early 1943 and the openings in the middle deck were covered by 152 mm plates salvaged from the turret armour .
Lesnar married Rena Greek , better known as Sable , on May 6 , 2006 .
After public protests , Nero was forced to allow Octavia to return from exile , but she was executed shortly after her return .
Gore was in 1808 elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives , where he successfully led Federalist efforts to ensure the selection of a Federalist slate of presidential electors .
Manila lies 800 miles ( 1 @,@ 300 kilometers ) from mainland Asia .
The reports generated considerable discussion in the press which ultimately led to a heated debate in Parliament on 4 May 1920 .
From their headquarters in Gibraltar , General Eisenhower and Admiral Sir Andrew Browne Cunningham directed Operation Torch , the first major combined combat operation during World War II involving American and British forces .
Kershaw won his first major league game against the Washington Nationals on July 27 , 2008 .
The ships had a length of 208 @.@ 18 metres ( 683 ft 0 in ) overall , a beam of 28 @.@ 65 metres ( 94 ft 0 in ) and a draught of 8 @.@ 93 metres ( 29 ft 4 in ) at deep load .
In October , the JTWC classified Tropical Depression 18W early in the month off the west coast of Luzon .
It disrupted a meeting of Londonderry Corporation in March 1968 and in May blocked traffic by placing a caravan that was home to a family of four in the middle of the Lecky Road in the [UNK] and staging a sit @-@ down protest at the opening of the second deck of the Craigavon Bridge .
The scutes may have provided stability for the spine , as they would have limited flexibility and may have been connected by strong ligaments .
Matthew Stirling fully excavated the monument in 1940 , after clearing the thick vegetation that had covered it in the intervening years .
He also purchased 200 shares in the new bank , a relatively large investment .
The Six @-@ Day War and War of Attrition resulted in the destruction of Port Tewfik Memorial and Aden Memorial , and the death of a Commission gardener at Suez War Memorial Cemetery .
The following night on Raw , Lesnar tried to invoke his rematch clause and subsequently attacked commentators Booker T , John " Bradshaw " Layfield , and Michael Cole , as well as a cameraman after Rollins refused the rematch , which led to Stephanie McMahon suspending Lesnar indefinitely in storyline .
All of Gleason 's shots were his own ; they were filmed in wide @-@ angle to emphasize having the actor and the shot in the same frames .
However , the team remained in the Coaches Poll at # 23 .
“ Overall it was a good mystery @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week but seeing as it was the second to last episode , the only thing I cared about was that we finally got more Weevil ! ” Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club gave the episode a mixed review , stating that the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week was an oversimplification of the overall themes of Veronica Mars .
The North Koreans called for a simultaneous five @-@ prong attack against the UN lines .
This " town " inside the Rock contained its own power station , water supply , and hospital .
Bert demands a share of Eddie 's winnings and threatens that Eddie will be injured unless he pays .
Known as the " Floating Trojan Horse of Gibraltar " , Decima [UNK] MAS , an Italian commando frogman unit created during the Fascist government , engaged in numerous attacks against the harbour at Gibraltar .
[UNK] delivered aid to war torn Somali 's in 1993 .
Lee Parsons contests John Graham 's identification of Monument 23 as a re @-@ carved colossal head ; he views the side ornaments , identified by Graham as ears , as rather the scrolled eyes of an open @-@ jawed monster gazing upwards .
She has two older brothers .
During the Japanese occupation , the Japanese used the airstrip for military purposes .
This flanking attack , combined with [UNK] 's frontal assault from Stein , would force the French into a vise ; encircled , they would have no option but to [UNK] die .
A bloodied Col. Fitts returns home , where a gun is shown to be missing from his collection .
C Company , 72nd Tank Battalion , led its tanks southward .
The reviewer called the conclusion to the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week a “ fun and satisfying one ” that highlighted the moral ambiguity of main characters , something “ that the show had been lacking for a while .
Both places have a unique cone @-@ shaped roof that symbolises the traditional Melanau headgear named Terendak .
Film and theatre historian Ethan Mordden has identified The Hustler as one of a handful of films from the early 1960s that re @-@ defined the relationship of films to their audiences .
Gore assented to the Treaty of Ghent that ended the war , but was unhappy that the nation had not gained anything from the war .
UB @-@ 3 disappeared en route to Constantinople in May 1915 , but the other three arrived there by mid @-@ June .
Ricky films Jane from his bedroom window as she removes her bra , and the image is reversed later for a similarly " voyeuristic and exhibitionist " scene in which Jane films Ricky at a vulnerable moment .
The danger from plunging shells at long distances was not appreciated until the fatal magazine explosions of three British battlecruisers during the 1916 Battle of Jutland graphically demonstrated the point .
Match of the Year ( 2003 ) vs. Kurt Angle in an Iron Man match on SmackDown ! on September 16 .
On August 18 , an area of convection persisted on the southern side of a circulation , developing into a tropical depression east of Luzon .
Ball began writing American Beauty as a play in the early 1990s , partly inspired by the media circus around the Amy Fisher trial in 1992 .
In 1992 , Ball became preoccupied with the media circus around the Amy Fisher trial .
Following the conclusion of hostilities , the squadron was disbanded in March 1946 .
Armed looters were observed entering the embassy compound as the final wave departed .
In Brutus , NY 31B continued to the east through the rural town , intersecting CR [UNK] and passing the Weedsport Rural Cemetery before turning to the southeast .
After tax collectors were accused of being too harsh to the poor , Nero transferred collection authority to lower commissioners .
Lesnar announced on August 12 in Las Vegas that he had signed a deal with the K @-@ 1 promotion .
After the showing Bacon gradually became " less the outsider with an occasional image of horrifying brilliance and more a force to be reckoned with on the contemporary scene " .
During his previous assignment as Ambassador to Liberia ( 1987 – 90 ) , Bishop was overseeing the voluntary evacuation of embassy staff and civilians as a civil war in Liberia spread , when he left in March 1990 .
Both ships had 10 @-@ metre ( 32 ft 10 in ) rangefinders installed at the top of the pagoda mast at that time .
The situation on the front was chaotic during the day September 1 .
Diplomatic failure at the highest levels of government prevented the operation from occurring at the beginning of 1941 which had been drawn up in detail by the Wehrmacht in the summer and autumn of 1940 .
Nero enjoyed driving a one @-@ horse chariot , singing to the lyre and poetry .
Sabotage operations were ordered from Berlin in the late autumn of 1940 , but actual work did not start until early 1941 .
Lowell was a wealthy heiress from Boston whose brother Abbott Lawrence Lowell was President of Harvard University from 1909 @-@ 1933 .
Also , the main campus of the Cathedral of Praise is located along Taft Avenue .
Vertebrae and limb bones are poorly developed , ribs and fingers are absent in the early stages , and the [UNK] and ischium are entirely absent through most of development .
In terms of renewal , Eliot believed that suffering was needed for all of society before new life could begin .
It usually lasts for four to five days in September .
From Dürenstein to Krems the river makes its wide curve ; the mountains and the steeply terraced slopes prevent clear line @-@ of @-@ sight between the two towns .
In the 19th century Manila was one of the most modern cities in Asia .
From Sardinia , Italian Piaggio [UNK] bombers attacked Gibraltar several times , mainly in 1942 .
Once land for cemeteries and memorials had been guaranteed , the enormous task of recording the details of the dead could begin .
Scenes featuring Coleman and several guest stars in a Victorian setting were filmed in Newport , Wales , while Coleman and Smith were also spotted filming in Bristol two weeks later on 21 August .
His career highs were 24 points and 8 rebounds in a game .
The campus was closed down in 1992 before reopening in 2001 as Universiti Putra Malaysia ( UPM ) .
A number of ironclads have been preserved or reconstructed as museum ships .
It acquired peak winds of 140 miles per hour ( 225 km / h ) and passed over portions of the Bahamas on September 3 , including Eleuthera and Harbour Island , causing severe damage to crops , buildings , and infrastructure .
The 1978 FIBA World Championship was held at the complex although the latter stages were held in the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City , Southeast Asia 's largest indoor arena at that time .
On June 26 , 2007 , the band released their sixth studio album , Insomnia .
DreamWorks launched a major campaign to increase the film 's chances of Academy Award success ; at the 72nd Academy Awards the following year , the film won Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor ( for Spacey ) , Best Original Screenplay , and Best Cinematography .
The second- and third @-@ place teams faced in each other in a best @-@ of @-@ three series hosted by the second @-@ place team .
Doug was a 1988 first team football All @-@ Western New York linebacker for Clarence High School .
Manila 's healthcare is also provided by private corporations .
[UNK] was Chad 's flagbearer at the ceremonies .
In the Horizon league tournament , Stevens ' Bulldogs used their home @-@ court advantage to beat Milwaukee 68 – 59 in the semi @-@ finals and to beat Wright State 70 – 45 in the finals .
His investments ranged widely , including maritime insurance ( where is father @-@ in @-@ law had made his fortune ) , bridges , locks , canals , and textiles .
[UNK] inside .
The Killing Fields ( film ) ( Hollywood & Cambodia ) .
He exempted parents and their children from a 5 % inheritance tax , and he made loans to Italian landowners on the condition that they pay interest of 5 % to their municipality to support the children of needy families ; alimentary schemes which were later expanded by Trajan , Antoninus Pius , and Marcus Aurelius .
While some found the inherent violence of the paintings distasteful , [UNK] was a skilled publicist and turned the bad press into notoriety , and brought Bacon 's work to national attention .
Architectural styles reflect American , Spanish , Chinese , and Malay influences .
This would have enabled Lesnar to work anywhere , immediately .
By 1862 , navies across Europe had adopted ironclads .
He had also been a Michigan High School Athletic Association ( MHSAA ) state champion in both basketball and track and field .
Pliny the Elder .
In 2000 Boulter had a guest @-@ starring role on the television series The Bill ; he portrayed " Scott Parry " in the episode , " In Safe Hands " .
She was already married when she became Nero 's mistress in 65 AD , with [UNK] 's husband being driven to suicide in 66 , so Nero could marry [UNK] .
The player can find warp stars that lead to minigames , such as air hockey , where the player can earn extra lives .
He also sang at the second quinquennial [UNK] in 65 .
He had begun his career as an interior decorator and designer of furniture and rugs in the mid @-@ 1930s , and later said that he liked " rooms hung all round with just curtains hung in even folds " .
These sources contradict on a number of events in Nero 's life including the death of Claudius , the death of Agrippina , and the Roman fire of 64 , but they are consistent in their condemnation of Nero .
[UNK] [UNK] are known to [UNK] unactivated hydrocarbons with remarkable regio , and [UNK] .
Typhoon Maemi formed on September 4 from the monsoon trough in the western Pacific Ocean .
Hamilton recruited heavily in the Bank of Massachusetts , and Gore decided to make the move .
By 2012 , she was the top @-@ ranked Australian competitor in her event and class .
The player , as Donald , ventures through a variety of side @-@ scrolling levels .
The film argues the case against conformity , but does not deny that people need and want it ; even the gay characters just want to fit in .
The perimeter position taken by the men of D and H Companies , 9th Infantry , who had started up the hill before the North Koreans struck , was on a southern knob of Hill 209 , 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 80 km ) south of B Company 's higher position .
Runners @-@ up by two votes were Paul [UNK] and Michael Collins .
This basin is over 12 kilometers deep , and an exploration of its properties could provide useful information about the lunar interior .
High yield ( 77 @-@ 91 % ) and dr ( 95 : 5 - 99 : 1 ) are reported for α @-@ hydroxylation with the Evans ' chiral auxiliary with N @-@ [UNK] as the [UNK] .
With fifteen minutes of the two hours remaining , the police marched out through the Butcher 's Gate , even as the residents were entering from the far side .
By that time , the circulation was largely exposed from the convection , and the center quickly dissipated .
They had to fight their way down the road through several roadblocks .
In one of the earliest phylogenetic analyses of the group , Gardiner ( 1983 ) recognized five characteristics that made Temnospondyli a clade : a bone at the back of the skull , the [UNK] , is connected to another bone on the underside of the skull , the pterygoid ; large openings called [UNK] vacuities are present between the [UNK] ; the stapes ( a bone involved in hearing ) is connected to the [UNK] and projects upward ; the [UNK] , a bone in the pectoral girdle , is thin ; and part of the vertebra called the [UNK] attaches to the neural arch .
These promotions have featured : .
Takalik Abaj Monument 23 dates to the Middle Preclassic period , and is found in Takalik Abaj , an important city in the foothills of the Guatemalan Pacific coast , in the modern department of Retalhuleu .
The route continues on a southeast track through Porter , passing a mixture of rural and residential areas on its way into the hamlet of Porter Center , where NY 93 enters an intersection with Porter Center Road ( CR 57 ) .
During summer vacations , Stevens spent time teaching at Butler basketball camps .
The heads from Tres [UNK] had been moved from their original context before they were investigated by archaeologists and the heads from La Venta were found partially exposed on the modern ground surface .
Included in the thirty @-@ seven poems were ten poems by Aldington , seven by H.D. , and six by Pound .
However , upon moving through the Bashi Channel , conditions began to deteriorate due to increased wind shear , weakening the system and resulting in its downgrade to tropical depression status by the JMA at 1200 UTC on June 3 .
On 18 November , No. 20 Squadron 's Catalinas were augmented by two Short Empire flying boats transferred from No. 11 Squadron .
In 1967 Bintulu celebrated the first 100 years of the Council Negri meeting ( Sarawak State Legislative Assembly ) .
All along the front , the North Korean troops were reeling from these defeats , the first time in the war their strategies were not working .
The hurricane dropped heavy rainfall along its path , peaking at 17 @.@ 8 in ( 450 mm ) in Clermont .
Bert , Eddie , and Sarah travel to the Kentucky Derby , where Bert arranges a match for Eddie against a wealthy local socialite named Findley .
Mendes insisted on two weeks of cast rehearsals , although the sessions were not as formal as he was used to in the theater , and the actors could not be present at every one .
Laurinaitis also announced that Lesnar would face Cena at Extreme Rules with the Extreme Rules stipulation later added to the match .
Acting on a tip from Strax , the Doctor visits the Great Intelligence Institute posing as Sherlock Holmes .
He got off to a fast start , winning his first eight games before falling to Wright State 43 – 42 .
[UNK] were small @-@ bodied and had simple conical teeth , while [UNK] were larger and had complex , folded dentin and enamel in their teeth .
Richard E. Grant had previously played the Doctor on two occasions , as an alternative Tenth Doctor in the spoof charity special Doctor Who and the Curse of Fatal Death , which was written by Moffat and as an alternative Ninth Doctor in the animated story Scream of the Shalka which had been intended to be a continuation of the series before it was revived in 2005 .
The opening included a dream in which Lester imagines himself flying above the town .
Lesnar continued to possess the physical IWGP Championship belt until late June 2007 .
Sarah pleads with Eddie to leave with her , saying that the world he is living in and its inhabitants are " perverted , twisted , and crippled " ; he refuses .
South Africa Agency is headed by a secretary and is responsible for Republic of South Africa , Namibia , Saint Helena and Ascension Island .
Annually , the air pollution causes more than 4 @,@ 000 deaths .
She helps Weevil retrace his steps and notices one of her criminology classmates , Jenny ( Dianna Agron ) , involved with one of Weevil ’ s clients .
There is no clear end to the ironclad period , but towards the end of the 1890s the term ironclad dropped out of use .
Despite a 34 % gain in weekly activity to their Vevo channel , with the clip 's success and preceding teaser videos earning 38 million views during the week , One Direction held at number two on the Billboard 's Social 50 chart A 15 % rise in Facebook reaction gave way to a 154 @,@ 000 increase in Facebook likes during the week .
Despite Nerva 's measures to remain popular with the Senate and the Roman people , support for Domitian remained strong in the army , which had called for his deification immediately after the assassination .
A few of the contemporary historians are known by name .
The French line was eventually broken by 29th Brigade , aided by an amphibious assault by Royal Marines ; the remaining tanks of ' B ' Squadron , two Valentines and three Tetrarchs , remained in defensive positions until the afternoon of 6 May , coming under sporadic artillery fire which disabled another Valentine .
The Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant ( [UNK] ) , formerly known as Bintulu Crude Oil Terminal ( [UNK] ) , was established in 1979 .
Together with these , of particular relevance to the colossal heads are the " Olmec @-@ style masks " in stone , so called because none have yet been excavated in circumstances that allow the proper archaeological identification of an Olmec context .
In fact , the moon was in its last quarter phase 48 hours later , and on 11 November probably did not provide as much light as depicted in the image .
Throughout January 17 the tropical storm would again oscillate in strength , resulting in a brief downgrade by the JTWC to tropical depression intensity .
Generally , each level is divided into an overland part and a dungeon , such as the Maharajah 's palace or the temple in which the Great Duck Treasure resides .
The album was released on June 6 , 2006 , the same day as The Best of ( [UNK] ) Planet Earth , a compilation album produced by Jive Records without the band 's authorization or consent .
The tanks attempted to breach them , but the rocky ground made manoeuvring difficult and they could not close with the pillboxes and trenches ; they engaged a number of targets with 2 pounder and machine @-@ gun fire , but the line had to be cleared by an infantry assault later in the day .
Hall made sure to keep rain , or the suggestion of it , in every shot near the end of the film .
Late in the match , Goldberg delivered a spear to Lesnar while the ref was unconscious .
The city is a major center for commerce , banking and finance , retailing , transportation , tourism , real estate , new media as well as traditional media , advertising , legal services , accountancy , insurance , theater , fashion , and the arts in the Philippines .
Although Gore was well received by the British establishment , the work suffered from what Gore called a " tediousness of process " , and he considered requesting a transfer in 1798 .
The Labour radicals and Official republicans , still working together , tried to turn the youth away from rioting and create socialist organizations — one such organization was named the Young Hooligans Association — but to no avail .
In 1990 , following the electoral defeat of the government of the Socialist Republic of Croatia , ethnic tensions between Croats and Croatian Serbs worsened .
He had several football cards produced of him during his time with the Vikings .
Iron allowed larger ships and more flexible design , for instance the use of watertight bulkheads on the lower decks .
Competitors in athletics events could qualify for the next round of competition in two ways .
An important element of this disagreement is the decision by Glassman to define species more narrowly than Henderson .
In late 1940 the Group was transferred to Coastal Command .
However , Jean @-@ Christophe [UNK] was of the opinion that A. [UNK] , A. [UNK] and A. [UNK] were all very similar , and thought it likely that they all represented the same species .
That day , it quickly intensified due to favorable conditions , developing a well @-@ defined eye and reaching peak maximum sustained winds of 195 km / h ( 120 mph ) .
Two short straps descend in front of the ears .
In 1907 , the Nobel Prize for Literature was awarded to Rudyard Kipling .
Following Survivor Series , Heyman made it clear that Lesnar would not get a rematch , and had snuck a special clause saying so into his contract .
Elements L and C can be made arbitrarily small while retaining the same value of k .
On the Chinese mainland , strong winds left 90 % of the city of [UNK] without power , and killed 16 construction workers due to a half @-@ finished building collapsing .
Subsequently the police " broke ranks and used their batons indiscriminately on people in Duke Street " .
The JMA also briefly initiated advisories before dropping them later on July 9 .
Regardless , Gazan 's division was nearly destroyed ; the 30 percent losses experienced by the French fell predominantly on his division .
On January 11 , the JTWC began monitoring the disturbance that would eventually develop into [UNK] near the International Date Line .
After remaining nearly stationary , [UNK] began moving steadily to the west @-@ southwest due to a new ridge .
They had seven children , one of whom , Damien [UNK] , went on to become an artist like his mother .
The portion of Akron Road ( NY 93 's former routing ) east of the Lockport city limits became NY [UNK] , an unsigned reference route .
After Lesnar claimed in a backstage interview that he could beat anybody in the world , Goldberg interrupted the interview and introduced himself to Lesnar , shaking hands with him before leaving with a staredown .
For example , two scenes have the Burnhams sitting down to an evening meal , shot from the same angle .
He used the influence of Rio Tinto chairman , Viscount Milner , to become the commander of a mobile unit of the British Red Cross .
Gomes , in addition to the 9 / 11 Truth movement , has expressed support for social liberal politicians such as Nancy Pelosi and president Barack Obama .
In this desperate action , Private First Class Luther H. Story , a weapons squad leader , fought so tenaciously that he was awarded the Medal of Honor .
It was certified gold in Chile for 5 @,@ 000 copies shipped , and in Colombia for 10 @,@ 000 copies sold .
These names were contributed to a list of a 140 names submitted by the fourteen members nations and territories of the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee .
Meanwhile , broken and incoherent radio messages between Lieber and the search party are intercepted by intelligence agents tracking their progress , and rumours begin to spread across the world of Hitler 's capture .
Perhaps the greatest beneficiary of the film 's popularity was a real @-@ life pool hustler named Rudolf Wanderone .
This was the first American vs. American title match in NJPW since Vader vs. Stan Hansen in 1990 .
The growth of Bintulu 's population is shown below : .
Kevin Spacey stars as Lester Burnham , a 42 @-@ year @-@ old advertising executive who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenaged daughter 's best friend , Angela ( Mena Suvari ) .
Mayors [UNK] , Villegas , and [UNK] are often collectively considered as the " Big Three of Manila " less for their rather long tenures as the city 's chief executive ( continuously for over three decades , from 1952 – 1986 ) , but more for their indelible contribution to the development and progress of the city and their lasting legacy in uplifting the quality of life and welfare of the people of Manila .
In 1994 [UNK] provided earthquake relief .
One of her paintings sold at a charity auction for A $ 22 @,@ 800 .
Maurice Harris , a 2003 graduate of the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College , joined as assistant rabbi in 2003 .
The following cladogram is modified from [UNK] et al .
The Derry [UNK] had little contact with the IRA elsewhere .
How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
Collectively between North Point , James Cistern , and Gregory Town on Eleuthera , the storm destroyed 55 houses and damaged many others .
Claudius died in 54 and Nero , taking the name Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus , was established as Emperor .
The ultimate ironclad armor was case hardened nickel @-@ steel .
" The Nightmare of Suplex City " .
Another reported problem with the Type UB Is was the tendency to break trim after the firing of torpedoes .
Invented in 1868 and deployed in the 1870s , the Whitehead torpedo formed part of the armament of ironclads of the 1880s like HMS Inflexible and the Italian Caio Duilio and Enrico Dandolo .
The smaller size of the markers mean that they often lack unit insignia .
It is extremely unusual to see a women 's face on a coin in the ancient world .
In one design , the guns were placed in an armoured casemate amidships : this arrangement was called the ' box @-@ battery ' or ' centre @-@ battery ' .
Each US infantry company on the river line here had a front of 3 @,@ 000 feet ( 910 m ) to 4 @,@ 000 feet ( 1 @,@ 200 m ) and they held only key hills and observation points , as the units were extremely spread out along the wide front .
Isaac [UNK] – an 18 @-@ year @-@ old boy and witness at the trial ; he is the son of Isaac [UNK] senior , former member of the search party killed earlier in a skirmish in São Paulo ; he joined the party to avenge his father 's death .
Such speculation is not taken seriously by Mesoamerican scholars such as Richard Diehl and Ann [UNK] .
The company hit these houses with artillery .
Stevens coached the Bulldogs in their second consecutive national championship game on April 4 , 2011 , where the team lost to the Huskies of the University of Connecticut .
Local feelings changed , however , with the killing of Ranger William Best by the Official IRA .
The girls ' friendship wanes after Jane starts a relationship with Ricky .
An increasing level of criminal violence prompted Ambassador Bishop to request the voluntary evacuation of dependents ( e.g. children and spouses of staff ) and non @-@ essential staff in early December , although fighting between the government and the United Somali Congress ( a rebel militia ) remained no less than about 100 miles ( 160 km ) away .
Fulford , writing in The National Post , noted that the metaphor of the world as a suburb of Manhattan was " understood and borrowed " by the whole world .
Mortier accepted the bait of a rumored Russian retreat .
The top of the headdress is decorated with the clawed foot of a bird of prey .
She finished first at the March 2009 inter @-@ schools cup at the St Ives Showground , and second at the 2009 Australian national championships , but her horse , Lucifer 's Dream , was injured in 2009 .
The sides of the conning tower were 305 mm thick .
Arjona further explained that he received the " minimum royalty percentage " from his most successful albums .
He said that pressures from fans and the record label were much larger ; also noting that he " thrives on the pressure , because it gets [ him ] going . " While promising that " the album 's gonna be miles above the first one , " Taylor explained that it is " more melodic and darker " .
Evacuees were provided blankets on one of the flights to remain warm .
Cowley emphasised the mystical nature of the poem and how its themes were closer to Buddhism than Anglicanism while mentioning his appreciation of many of the passages .
The power plant is registered under the United Nations Clean Development Management ( CDM ) scheme as of 18 September 2010 .
Kershaw donated $ 100 for every strikeout in the 2012 season to Kershaw 's Challenge , calling that season 's incarnation of the project " Strike Out To Serve . " Seventy percent of the money raised in 2012 went to Arise Africa , with 10 percent each going to the Peacock Foundation in Los Angeles , Mercy Street in Dallas , and I Am Second .
His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant , but he proved unable to make the necessary accommodations .
His briefs were generally well @-@ reasoned , and he was seen as a successful trial lawyer .
The magazine also liked how the game fit the Kirby universe , apart from its increased difficulty — [UNK] occasionally had trouble hitting the slow @-@ paced ball with precision .
Task Force Haynes became operational at 10 : 20 , September 1 .
These speakers are now recognised as part of the Melanau ethnic group , where their main language is Malay .
The forehead is gathered in a frown .
At 09 : 00 Walker requested the US Air Force to make a maximum effort along the Naktong River from [UNK] @-@ dong , just above the US 2nd Division boundary , southward and to a depth of 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of the river .
The next year its elements took part in the Battle of Kupres and Operation Tiger aimed at lifting the Siege of Dubrovnik .
While Shannon was the last British ship with a retractable propellor , later armored cruisers of the 1870s retained sailing rig , sacrificing speed under steam in consequence .
He played nine Championship games for Bolton before his loan expired on 4 April .
The final scenes at the graveyard establish that Clara shares the same name as Oswin , leading the Doctor to surmise they are the same person .
The influence of the Great Intelligence quickly wanes , and Simeon falls dead .
A review of Boulter 's performance in The Independent on Sunday described him as " horribly menacing " in the role , and he received critical reviews in The Herald , and Evening Standard .
On August 20 , the JMA assessed [UNK] as dissipating in the Taiwan Strait , although the JTWC continued advisories until the storm moved ashore in southeastern China .
Other sculptors , both in the inter @-@ war period and after the Second World War , included William Reid Dick , Ernest Gillick , Basil [UNK] , Alfred Turner , Laurence A. Turner , Walter Gilbert , Henry Poole , Vernon Hill , Robert Anning Bell , Ferdinand Victor [UNK] , Joseph Armitage , and Gilbert Bayes .
Where irrigation is inappropriate or impractical , dry landscaping is an ecological alternative favoured by the Commission 's horticulturists , as is the case in Iraq .
A handful of other sources also add a limited and varying perspective on Nero .
All portray mature men with fleshy cheeks , flat noses , and slightly crossed eyes ; their physical characteristics correspond to a type that is still common among the inhabitants of Tabasco and Veracruz .
The new VIII Corps , under the overall command of Édouard Mortier , included three infantry divisions and a division of cavalry ( see Order of Battle below ) .
The following week on Raw , Punk challenged Lesnar to a match at SummerSlam , where Lesnar defeated Punk in a no disqualification match .
The Mark VIII was intended to improve upon the design of the Tetrarch in a number of areas .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 1 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 1 ) was lying facing upwards when excavated .
The bombs started numerous leaks and Ise began to settle by the bow , although she was returned to an even keel after three @-@ days pumping .
It was also certified Gold in the United States and Canada and the single " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards .
The Dominions and India also erected memorials on which they commemorated their missing : the Neuve @-@ Chapelle Memorial for the forces of India , the Vimy Memorial by Canada , the Villers @-@ Bretonneux Memorial by Australia , the Delville Wood Memorial by South Africa and the Beaumont @-@ Hamel Memorial by Newfoundland .
Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir , Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis .
Imagism influenced a number of poetry circles and [UNK] the Imagists Free verse became a discipline and acquired status as a legitimate poetic form .
The site chosen at Lord Airey 's Battery on the southern tip of the Rock already had an existing tunnelling scheme for a shelter .
Best Brawler ( 2003 ) .
Before long , Nerva 's expenses strained the economy of Rome and , although perhaps not ruinous to the extent once suggested by Syme , necessitated the formation of a special commission of economy to drastically reduce expenditures .
On the morning of 3 January , the task force 's command questioned why they were not given the option of an amphibious landing and requested a tank landing ship be added to the task force ; the request was denied .
District 6 is listed as being the most dense with 68 @,@ 266 inhabitants per km2 , followed by District 1 with 64 @,@ 936 and District 2 with 64 @,@ 710 , respectively .
Steiner also pointed out that the novella is not only about his thoughts on the Holocaust , but also about the horrific events that took place in countries like Cambodia , Vietnam , El Salvador and Burundi : " My feeling is that one has to grapple with the abyss if one can . " .
His parents divorced when he was 10 , and he was raised by his mother .
The film grossed $ 8 @,@ 188 @,@ 587 over the weekend , ranking third at the box office .
War dead are commemorated uniformly and equally , irrespective of military or civil rank , race or creed .
HMS Warrior carried a mixture of 110 @-@ pounder 7 inch ( 180 mm ) breech @-@ loading rifles and more traditional 68 @-@ pounder smoothbore guns .
In Head VI the figure has developed and is now shown wearing vestments , the first indication in Bacon 's work of the influence of Velázquez , while the focus has become the open mouth and the study of the human scream .
In Taiwan , where Morakot first made landfall , heavy rainfall resulted in flooding .
The typhoon attained peak winds of 155 km / h ( 100 mph ) before weakening slightly while turning to the northeast .
The tank was designed to overcome the shortcomings of insufficient armament in earlier light tanks that were fitted only with machine guns .
The disturbance quickly intensified to reach tropical storm intensity a few hours after cyclogenesis .
A well @-@ timed hit of the paddle gives Kirby a powerful bounce to break through harder blocks .
The limitations of the monitor type effectively prevented the USA from projecting power overseas , and until the 1890s the USA would have come off badly in a conflict with even Spain or the Latin American powers .
The headdress possesses a plain band that is tied at the back of the head .
Accordingly , the 1907 Imperial Defence Policy called for the construction of a battle fleet of eight modern battleships , 20 @,@ 000 long tons ( 20 @,@ 321 t ) each , and eight modern armoured cruisers , 18 @,@ 000 long tons ( 18 @,@ 289 t ) each .
Under [UNK] , Stevens was active in every aspect of the game : skills instruction , game preparation , in @-@ game coaching , and recruiting .
Most of the foxholes of the perimeter received one or more direct mortar hits in the course of the continuing mortar fire .
The storm quickly weakened over the Chinese mainland , and dissipated entirely several hours after landfall .
The third Royal Navy ship to combine turrets and masts was HMS Inflexible of 1876 , which carried two turrets on either side of the centre @-@ line , allowing both to fire fore , aft and broadside .
In his memoirs General Eisenhower wrote : .
It is the earliest state legislature system in Malaysia .
Joyce 's poem is not written in free verse , but in rhyming quatrains .
Suetonius reports that the text of this speech was later found in Nero 's writing desk , but that he dared not give it from fear of being torn to pieces before he could reach the Forum .
After the meeting of Londonderry Corporation was again disrupted in August , Eamon [UNK] telephoned the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association ( [UNK] ) and invited them to hold a march in Derry .
Retention of stereochemistry is very high , often 95 - 98 % .
James Garner .
[UNK] @-@ [UNK] used the name Labyrinthodontia in a strict sense ( sensu stricto ) to refer to [UNK] and [UNK] , excluding [UNK] .
The congregation decided to leave the Conservative movement in 1995 , and for a year had no affiliation .
SM UB @-@ 3 ( as U @-@ 9 ) .
The monument was found lying on its back , facing the sky , and was excavated in 1946 by Stirling and Philip Drucker .
Any water vapor that arrives here following a cometary impact on the Moon would lie permanently frozen on or below the surface .
At Olympia , an abandoned settlement also known as Olympia Beach , strong winds leveled the old Olympia Inn , a gas station , and the second floor of a pharmaceutical building .
Little damage was reported to have been done .
He was willing to officiate at an intermarriage if the non @-@ Jewish partner , after discussions with the rabbi , agreed of his or her own free will to fulfill a set of commitments , including " a commitment to a Jewish home life , participation in Jewish life and tradition , and raising future children as Jews " .
The rest of the United States is the size of the three New York City blocks and is drawn as a rectangle bounded by North American neighbors Canada and Mexico , with a thin brown strip along the Hudson representing " Jersey " , the names of five cities ( Los Angeles ; Washington , D.C. ; Las Vegas ; Kansas City ; and Chicago ) and three states ( Texas , Utah , and Nebraska ) scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey , which is in bolder font than the rest of the country beyond the Hudson .
A typical cemetery is surrounded by a low wall or hedge and with a wrought @-@ iron gate entrance .
Thus , they were considered a link between early fishes and more advanced forms such as [UNK] .
The French navy decided in 1880 to adopt compound armor for its fleet , but found it limited in supply , so from 1884 the French navy was using steel armor .
Large parts of the monument seem to be roughed out without finished detail .
The Manila Health Department is responsible for the planning and implementation of the health care programs provided by the city government .
During the season , each team had two bye rounds and played two rounds against each other team , one at home and one away .
The voluntary evacuation later became a mandatory evacuation .
The size of the gun peaked in the 1880s , with some of the heaviest calibres of gun ever used at sea .
Sports in Manila have a long and distinguished history .
On July 9 , PAGASA classified a system as Tropical Depression Falcon , off the west coast of the Philippines .
A number of tanks had their 2 pounder guns replaced with a 76 @.@ 2 @-@ millimetre ( 3 @.@ 00 in ) infantry support howitzer ; these tanks were then designated as Tetrarch 1 CS ( Close Support ) .
He appeared in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002 as " [UNK] Armitage " in the episode " Political [UNK] " , and had a role as a different character " Toby Steele " on The Bill .
After this intersection , the homes give way to farms as the road heads into rural areas of the town .
It was co @-@ written with Paul Heyman .
Furthermore , reinforcements stood in Moravia , less than two weeks ' march away .
This version included a different mix of " Reconciliación " .
The cost to rebuild Rome was immense , requiring funds the state treasury did not have .
Early the next day , the JMA also estimated the typhoon reached peak 10 minute winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) .
The fact that Steiner is Jewish made this speech in particular even more contentious .
Although it began in Youngstown and ended in Newstead as it does today , the initial routing of NY 93 deviated from the modern path in the vicinity of the city of Lockport .
More Western Flotilla Union ironclads were sunk by torpedoes ( mines ) than by enemy fire , and the most damaging fire for the Union ironclads was from shore installations , not Confederate vessels .
The centre @-@ battery was the simpler and , during the 1860s and 1870s , the more popular method .
Covina , California .
A graduate of the University of Oregon , with a master 's degree in Jewish Education from the Jewish Theological Seminary , he was ordained by the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College .
Turrets 2 , 3 , and 5 were built with imported 6 @-@ metre ( 19 ft 8 in ) Bausch & Lomb rangefinders .
The following week on Raw , Henry challenged Lesnar again , only to have Lesnar dislocate his elbow with the Kimura lock in storyline , and this led Big Show to came out afterwards to confront Lesnar , thus starting a feud which was settled at Royal Rumble , where Lesnar defeated the Big Show after attacking him with a steel chair before the match began .
Lesnar later told a Minnesota radio show that he had " three wonderful years " in WWE , but had grown unhappy and always wanted to play pro football , adding that he did not want to be 40 years old and wondering if he could have " made it " in football .
Production was to begin in July 1940 , but meanwhile the War Office temporarily returned to its original order of 70 before increasing the number to 100 .
The Ise @-@ class ships ' waterline protective belt had a maximum thickness of 299 mm ( 11 @.@ 8 in ) of Vickers cemented armour amidships ; below it was a strake of 100 mm ( 3 @.@ 9 in ) armour .
On October 19 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm [UNK] , and by that time the storm had begun drifting to the northeast .
The poem uses the combined image of fire and Pentecostal fire to emphasise the need for purification and purgation .
Anti @-@ aircraft defence was provided by four 40 @-@ calibre 3rd Year Type 8 @-@ centimetre AA guns in single mounts .
Quick weakening due to land interaction occurred as Krovanh moved across northern Vietnam , where the storm met its demise the following day .
Mayorga recorded drums for all but two tracks on the album , Godsmack drummer Shannon Larkin performed on the track " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " and guitarist Root performed drums on the bonus track " The Day I Let Go . " In an interview with Revolver during the recording process vocalist Taylor talked about the differences between this album and their previous album , Stone Sour .
While en route for Kure , the division was unsuccessfully attacked by another submarine .
Storms that form east of the date line and north of the equator are called hurricanes ; see 2003 Pacific hurricane season .
On August 29 , the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Dujuan , and that day PAGASA began issuing advisories on Tropical Storm [UNK] .
The Triassic @-@ Jurassic extinction event around 199 @.@ 6 Mya led to the extinction of most Mesozoic [UNK] .
Only in Amerika ( 2004 ) .
The ship was valued at $ 16 million .
He made the all @-@ conference team multiple times and was a three @-@ time Academic All @-@ America nominee .
He is a Methodist with strong religious faith .
Around that time , Imbudo was rapidly intensifying , developing a well @-@ defined eye .
The two main approaches to synthesis of N @-@ H , N @-@ alkyl , and N @-@ [UNK] are oxidation of [UNK] with [UNK] ( A ) and amination of carbonyls ( B ) .
The Bessemer process for steel manufacture produced too many imperfections for large @-@ scale use on ships .
A further step forward was the introduction of chemically different brown powder which combusted more slowly again .
Recently , the theory that [UNK] were the ancestors of all lissamphibians has gained wide support .
The flooding caused severe damage and killed one person .
The music video for the song , released in April 2012 , was filmed at Universal Studios in Los Angeles .
On the basis of these flower types , the genus has often been split into four genera — a more narrowly defined [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] and [UNK] .
Brock Lesnar has made a personal decision to put his WWE career on hold to prepare to tryout for the National Football League this season .
Three of the four tropical storms monitored by the JMA approached or hit Japan , including Typhoon Soudelor , which brought heavy rainfall and wind across the Ryukyu Islands and the Korean Peninsula .
The park has a hornbill aviary , a butterfly garden , and a mini @-@ zoo .
The affairs of the CWGC are overseen by a Board of Commissioners .
Ultimate Fighting Championship .
" Kiss You " was written by Kristoffer [UNK] , Kristian Lundin , Albin [UNK] , Savan Kotecha , Shellback , and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub .
As a poetic style it gave Modernism its start in the early 20th century , and is considered to be the first organized Modernist literary movement in the English language .
Production designer Naomi [UNK] likened the locale to Evanston , Illinois , but said , " it 's not about a place , it 's about an archetype . [ ... ] The milieu was pretty much Anywhere , USA — upwardly mobile suburbia . " The intent was for the setting to reflect the characters , who are also archetypes .
The inflorescence consists of a main axis — the peduncle and the rachis — and a series of smaller branches , the [UNK] .
Corps Mortier , as it was known , crossed the Danube at Linz and Passau in early November 1805 and marched east , on the north bank of the Danube .
Later , Nero ordered the exile of Fabricius [UNK] who slandered the Senate in a book .
The squadron originated as a maritime patrol unit during World War II .
Boulter starred as " Scott " in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre .
At her funeral , the Doctor reads Clara 's full name on her tombstone and realises she is the woman he met in " Asylum of the Daleks " who became a Dalek , whom he refers to as " [UNK] Girl " .
The agency noted for the potential for flooding and landslides .
Band @-@ stop and multiple band filters are also possible .
Mikhail [UNK] Kutuzov , commander of the Coalition force , enticed Mortier to send Gazan 's division into a trap and French troops were caught in a valley between two Russian columns .
Constant k filters were invented by George Campbell .
He was replaced by Shane Carwin , who ended up losing against dos Santos .
Superfamily [UNK] .
From the early 1870s to early 1880s most British naval officers thought that guns were about to be replaced as the main naval armament by the ram .
Other national parks that can be accessed along the Miri – Bintulu road are the Lambir Hills National Park and Niah National Park .
The Philippine Navy on the other hand has its headquarters in Naval Station Jose Andrada located along Roxas Boulevard in Malate .
After Lesnar attacked Austin on Raw and stole his four @-@ wheeler , Austin was inserted as the special guest referee for the WrestleMania match .
However , many of the women wished to participate , and in the 1990s many of them began to paint .
= 1 rad / s and a nominal impedance k = .
He had success in 1944 with Three Studies for Figures at the Base of a Crucifixion and to a lesser extent with Painting ( 1946 ) , both of which were highly regarded but viewed as sensationalist .
Family [UNK] ( placement is uncertain ) .
However , accidental fires were common in ancient Rome .
The generals had found among the Austrian force one Capt. Christoph Freiherr von [UNK] ( 1753 – 1824 ) , who had knowledge of the local geography .
By the end of April five more Type UB I boats had become operational .
The band began touring in support of the album prior to its release , initiating touring with several free shows in the US .
Independiente became his fourth chart @-@ topper , following Poquita Ropa ( 2010 ) .
Angela goes to the bathroom and Lester smiles at a family photograph in his kitchen .
The relationship of both parties turned bitter , with the two pitting again during the 2010 city elections in which Lim won against [UNK] .
Shortly after development , Koni tracked through the Philippines , killing two people .
Operation Tracer was a top @-@ secret British stay @-@ behind spying mission that was only to be implemented if Gibraltar was captured by the Axis Powers .
In addition to the Russian generals , the council included Austrian commanders Lieutenant Field Marshal Johann Heinrich von Schmitt and Friedrich Karl Wilhelm , Fürst zu Hohenlohe .
[UNK] ( pyridine ) - ( [UNK] [UNK] ) ( [UNK] ) and N @-@ [UNK] are the most common electrophilic sources of oxygen implemented in this process .
The head has a prominent headdress but this is badly eroded and any individual detail has been erased .
As the new century opened , Austin was still the serving British Poet Laureate , a post which he held up to 1913 .
The band 's lyrics draw from a number of subjects , including the existence of extraterrestrial life , criticism of organized religion , the 9 / 11 Truth movement , cannabis use and sexual intercourse .
Debates flare up over his impending trial , where it will be held and under whose jurisdiction .
Eddie finally appears above Bert in two shot when Eddie returns to beat Fats .
The 29th Brigade formed the core of the invasion force due to its training in amphibious operations , and under its command was ' B ' Special Service Squadron , created by amalgamating six Valentines from ' B ' Squadron and six Tetrarchs from ' C ' Squadron into a single unit .
The figurines have been recovered in large numbers and are mostly in pottery ; these were presumably widely available to the population .
The change removed NY 93 from Upper Mountain Road , a county @-@ owned highway that had been part of the route since the 1930s .
Fueled in large part by Gordon Hayward 's and [UNK] Mack 's roles in leading Team USA to the gold medal in the FIBA Under @-@ 19 World Championship during the off @-@ season , Butler began the season ranked 10th in the Coaches ' Poll and 11th in the AP Poll .
In June 1998 , DreamWorks confirmed that it had contracted Mendes to direct the film .
The members were not , however , agreed that a full @-@ time rabbi was required , and in 1961 , he accepted a rabbinical position in Downey , California .
He was previously the head coach at Butler University in Indianapolis .
After assembly at Antwerp the boats were towed by barge to Bruges for trials .
Manila was temporarily besieged by the invasion of Chinese pirate @-@ warlord [UNK] ( 1574 ) but was thwarted by the local inhabitants , before it became the seat of the colonial government of Spain .
As a result , succeeding earthquakes of the 18th and 19th centuries barely affected Manila , although it did periodically level the surrounding area .
This variety is manifested even within individual works : Owen identifies the , " rapid stylistic and thematic shifts " in poems which enable the poet to represent different facets of a situation , while Chou uses the term " juxtaposition " as the major analytical tool in her work .
The left and right ornaments are different , with radial lines on the left [UNK] , a feature absent on the right [UNK] .
The rains resulted in the collapse of 1 @,@ 400 homes and an estimated CN ¥ 140 @.@ 27 million ( US $ 16 @.@ 9 million ) in direct economic losses .
The lead single , " El Amor " , became a commercial success in several Latin American countries and was number one on the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs charts .
It continues on a southward track past the eastern terminus of CR 218 ( Hunts Corner – Akron Road ) to the outskirts of the village of Akron , where the highway turns east onto Lewis Road and soon enters the village limits .
Thanks to superior short @-@ range firepower , the Japanese fleet came off better , sinking or severely damaging eight ships and receiving serious damage to only four .
Both elements support a spine @-@ like neural arch , and well @-@ developed interlocking projections called zygapophyses strengthen the connections between vertebrae .
Arjona produced the album with Dan Warner , who has worked with Shakira , Celine Dion and Christina Aguilera .
Stevens ' 56 – 10 two @-@ year record places him second only to Bill [UNK] ( 58 ) in total wins during one 's first two years as head coach .
His paternal grandfather was Du [UNK] , a noted politician and poet during the reign of Empress Wu .
The win earned Lesnar [UNK] of the Year honors , with Anderson Silva , from Sherdog for 2009 .
By comparison , Notre Dame end Leon Hart won the Heisman Trophy in 1949 but made only eight of the 11 All @-@ American teams .
On September 15 , 1999 , American Beauty opened to the public in limited release at three theaters in Los Angeles and three in New York .
His palatial mansion in Waltham , Massachusetts , now known as Gore Place , is one of the finest extant examples of Federalist architecture , and has been declared a National Historic Landmark .
Nonetheless , there were real innovations from Russia ; the first true type of ironclad armored cruiser , the General @-@ Admiral of the 1870s , and a set of remarkably badly designed circular battleships referred to as ' [UNK] ' ( for Admiral Popov , who conceived the design ) .
[UNK] resumes at the base , leaving an area in the center of the tooth [UNK] .
There are five industrial estates in Bintulu .
While an exact total of her casualties is not available , it has been estimated that 5 men were killed and some 111 – 121 crewmen were wounded during this attack .
Previously in the 1960s , details of the story were told to a journalist by his intelligence service contacts and he wrote these up as " Operation Monkey " , yet facts were very sparse .
His job as a part @-@ time bar caterer serves as a front for his secret marijuana dealing .
The headband is divided into four strips and begins above the right ear , extending around the entire head .
The Ibans moved into [UNK] and [UNK] basins in the mid @-@ 19th and early 20th century with permission of the Brooke government .
However , he decided to challenge this ruling in court .
In that year , he took the civil service exam , likely in Chang 'an .
[UNK] , a local Indian tracker , is asked to observe the trial as an independent witness .
They are the original and simplest filters produced by this methodology and consist of a ladder network of identical sections of passive components .
A day later , at another small town , [UNK] south of the Danube [UNK] French 59th Regiment of the Line stormed a bridge over the Danube and , humiliatingly , chased two large Austrian columns toward Ulm .
Following a suggestion by the British Army , the National Committee for the Care of Soldiers ' Graves was appointed by the British government in January 1916 , with Edward , Prince of Wales agreeing to serve as president .
The fact that the shoot tips of [UNK] seedlings are underground it likely to contribute to their fire @-@ tolerance .
Gore also purchased Massachusetts war @-@ related debts , and lobbied Massachusetts Congressmen for the U.S. government to assume those as well .
Her body was not cremated , it was stuffed with spices , embalmed and put in the Mausoleum of Augustus .
The base of the headdress is formed by three horizontal strips running over the forehead .
Mendes said , " That happened three or four times , and they are all in the movie . " Despite Spielberg 's support , DreamWorks and Mendes fought constantly over the schedule and budget , although the studio interfered little with the film 's content .
[UNK] arrived first and immediately assaulted Gazan 's line with three battalions , pushing the French out of Dürenstein .
Under American control , a new civilian oriented Insular Government headed by then Governor @-@ General William Howard Taft invited city planner Daniel Burnham for the transformation of Manila , to adapt the old city to changed times and modern needs .
Butler became the smallest school ( enrollment 4 @,@ 200 ) to make the Final Four since seeding began in 1979 .
On Tuesday , 24 September , the Italian Stefani news agency reported : " As a reprisal for the bombardment of Dakar yesterday morning , one @-@ hundred @-@ and @-@ twenty French aircraft based in Morocco attacked Gibraltar . " On the same day , the United Press Agency reported : " The French government has issued an official denial of reports , according to which French aircraft were said to have attacked Gibraltar . Up until now , no reprisals have been undertaken . " But the United Press report ended on an ominous note with : " French reprisals are imminent . " .
Lesnar followed this rivalry with a feud involving Hardcore Holly .
Although [UNK] are considered amphibians , many had characteristics , such as scales , claws , and armour @-@ like bony plates , that distinguish them from modern amphibians .
The victories are attributed to Nero bribing the judges and his status as emperor .
At roughly the same time , the typhoon began to weaken and accelerate towards the northeast .
Butt criticized Donald 's controls in certain situations in the game , as well as the difficulty of some levels and puzzles .
In addition , it is possible that the interior floor might not have collected a significant quantity of volatiles since its formation .
Since 1965 when Koufax did it , Peavy and Kershaw are only two pitchers in the National League have led the league in wins , strikeouts , ERA , and WHIP ( walks plus hits per inning pitched ) .
He said the juxtaposition produced a starker contrast , giving each trait more impact than if they appeared alone .
It is not known how much Nero knew or if he was even involved in the death of Claudius .
The second problem was that turrets were extremely heavy .
However , Operation Tracer was never needed , as Adolf Hitler turned his attention away from Gibraltar and towards the Eastern Front .
In addition , Keith ( Enrico Colantoni ) and Vinnie ( Ken Marino ) debate on Piz 's radio show about the upcoming Sheriff 's election in which they are running against each other .
" Kiss You " is an uptempo , upbeat power pop song which runs for a duration of 3 : 04 ( 3 minutes , four seconds ) .
It was not designed for a newcomer to the Latin language , but is designed for more advanced students .
High winds knocked down trees across Luzon , and left about 80 % of Cagayan province without power , as well as some areas without internet or cellphone service .
Her promise was fulfilled after Britannicus consumed it at a dinner party from water used to cool his wine , which had already been tasted , and succumbed within minutes .
He struck out all 15 batters he faced in the game , which was shortened because of the mercy rule .
The win earned the team an automatic bid into the 2010 NCAA tournament , and completed a 20 – 0 run through league play .
A strap descends from each side of the headdress , passing over the ears and to the base of the monument .
" Central to everything I am and believe and have written is my astonishment ... that you can use human speech both to bless , to love , to build , to forgive and also to torture , to hate , to destroy and to annihilate . " .
Seventeen confirmed examples are known from four sites within the Olmec heartland on the Gulf Coast of Mexico .
Order Temnospondyli .
Olson arranged to screen American Beauty to about 1 @,@ 000 members of the Actors Fund of America , as many participating actors were also voters .
In a checkout line , Veronica and Mac ( Tina Majorino ) discuss her relationship with Piz and what her FBI internship will mean for them .
On August 6 , he was promoted to the Double @-@ A Jacksonville Suns in the Southern League , where he produced a 1 – 2 record and 3 @.@ 65 ERA in five starts and was selected as the top prospect in the Dodgers organization heading into the 2008 season .
Manila has six representative districts for the lower house of the Philippine Congress .
The vandalism of Commission cemeteries has also been connected to the participation of Commonwealth countries in contemporary conflicts .
The raiding force , E Company , was still in its regimental reserve position about 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) west of Yongsan , getting ready with the engineer platoon to move to the crossing site .
The high @-@ pressure turbines drove the wing shafts while the low @-@ pressure turbines drove the inner shafts .
Second Column , Lieutenant General Essen , included six battalions of infantry , three battalions of grenadiers , and five squadrons of Hussars .
A pair of directors for the 12 @.@ 7 cm AA guns were added , one on each side of the forward superstructure , in the early 1930s .
He moved on in the summer of 759 ; this has traditionally been ascribed to famine , but Hung believes that frustration is a more likely reason .
Yet Velázquez 's influence is apparent in many aspects of the painting .
However , he missed the final of the 2006 – 07 FA Youth Cup with a dislocated shoulder .
In 2009 Alan [UNK] and colleagues published a molecular phylogeny of the subtribe which found that some species placed in [UNK] were actually more closely related to species placed in [UNK] than they were to other members of that genus ( if the five @-@ genus approach was used ) , while A. [UNK] , placed in [UNK] by Glassman , was actually a sister to both [UNK] and [UNK] .
The temperature at this site is also more favorable than at more equatorial latitudes as it does not experience the daily temperature extremes of 100 ° C when the Sun is overhead , to as low as − 150 ° C during the lunar night .
The work presents the view from Manhattan of the rest of the world showing Manhattan as the center of the world .
Also on the right hand side , two cords descend across the ear and continue to the base of the monument .
A singer , cello and guitar player , he composes and performs Jewish music .
Jackson Browne .
This scheming continued as is evidenced by the coin of the both of them .
Running powerbomb .
On November 15 , 2008 , a 34 @-@ kg probe made a hard landing near the crater .
The influence of Imagism can be seen clearly in the work of the Objectivist poets , who came to prominence in the 1930s under the auspices of Pound and Williams .
The bodies of five passengers and crew , including Sikorski 's daughter , were never found .
He later announced a lawsuit against WWE for breach of contract .
By 1999 , membership had grown to around 370 families .
Although he was never convicted of the murder in either a secular or an ecclesiastical court , he was stripped of his clerical status and became a layman before 1158 .
On the morning of September 1 , with only the shattered remnants of E Company at hand , the US 9th Infantry Regiment , US 2nd Infantry Division had virtually no troops to defend Yongsan .
Cis @-@ trans selectivity of the resulting [UNK] is poor , however , yields are good to excellent .
They then joined Korn for their 2006 edition of Family Values Tour across the US , which featured 33 dates across 3 months .
He stated that he wrote it " as a gift for my mom on Mother 's Day " and that he thought " the idea of including it on the album was very good " .
The British HMS Devastation , started in 1869 , was the first large , ocean @-@ going ironclad to dispense with masts .
Both studios mounted aggressive campaigns ; DreamWorks bought 38 % more advertising space in Variety than Miramax .
Truth Rising ( 2010 ) .
They were replaced by either the British rangefinders or domestically built instruments of 6 or 8 metres ( 19 ft 8 in or 26 ft 3 in ) length .
This standard provoked aggressive shipbuilding in the 1880s and 1890s .
In 2012 , Stevens became the first college coach to hire someone solely for statistical research when he added Drew Cannon to the staff .
In short , Stevens is a strong believer in " The Butler Way " – doing all the little things that transform a group of good basketball players into a great basketball team .
Every available area of storage was taken up with ammunition , fuel , and other essential supplies .
This document lists him as " Osbert archdeacon " , which means that he probably held the archdeaconry of Richmond .
[UNK] are distinguished from [UNK] by the positioning of their eye sockets near the front of their skulls .
The Parthians began a full @-@ scale invasion of the Armenian kingdom .
Kershaw has continued his partnership with CURE International in 2015 , setting a goal of funding 100 surgeries for CURE 's hospital in the Dominican Republic .
One Direction performed the track on The Today Show at the Rockefeller Center on 13 November 2012 , to a record crowd estimated at 15 @,@ 000 .
It comprises the High Court , the Sessions Court , and the Magistrate Court .
The album reached number one again for the week ending 12 November , and later for the week ending 11 February 2012 .
The Dutch [UNK] ( Coastal ram ) Zr .
Its mission in the forthcoming attack was to outflank and destroy the US troops at Naktong Bulge by capturing the Miryang and Samnangjin areas to cut off the US 2nd Division 's route of supply and withdrawal between Taegu and Pusan .
The demands on first @-@ class ironclads for very heavy armor and armament meant increasing displacement , which reduced speed under sail ; and the fashion for turrets and barbettes made a sailing rig increasingly inconvenient .
On 18 May 1991 , the Zrinski Battalion was established as a special forces unit of the ZNG .
The following week it fell to number two , replaced at the top by Espinoza Paz ' [UNK] Que [UNK] .
Ambassador Bishop made an urgent request to Washington for two platoons of soldiers to parachute into the embassy to defend it until the ships arrived .
The remainder continued on to Derry where they were attacked once more on their way to Craigavon Bridge before they finally reached Guildhall Square , where they held a rally .
She started competing in 2005 , and first represented Australia in 2006 , winning her first test in England that [UNK] 2008 , she became the youngest @-@ ever winner of the Australian national championships .
After some deliberation Nerva adopted Trajan , a young and popular general , as his successor .
Achieving All @-@ American status as an end at Michigan would be [UNK] 's next step after excelling in MHSAA competition .
Ambassador Bishop , aware of the ongoing strife , believed " the odds were better than even that we would have to leave Mogadishu under less than favorable circumstances . " Ambassador Bishop understood from his past experiences in Beirut and Liberia the importance of being prepared to deal with emergencies and spent the afternoon working with military experts to review the embassy 's Emergencies and Evacuation ( E & E ) plan until he was " satisfied ... that [ Central Command ] realized that it might have to conduct an evacuation from Mogadishu and was prepared to do that . " In its analysis of Operation Eastern Exit , the Center for Naval Analyses cited the Ambassador Bishop 's previous experience and " clear understanding of his role " in the operation as one of the reasons Operation Eastern Exit went so well .
The face is somewhat asymmetric , possibly due to errors in the execution of the monument .
[UNK] of alkenes is a common reaction because epoxides can be [UNK] in a number of useful ways .
All of the stone heads have been assigned to the Preclassic period of Mesoamerican chronology , generally to the Early Preclassic ( 1500 – 1000 BC ) , although the two Tres [UNK] heads and the La [UNK] Head are attributed to the Middle Preclassic ( 1000 – 400 BC ) .
Despite this , it was decided that it was essential for some Tetrarchs to be produced , and it was suggested that they be brought in at the end of the light tank program .
Gore was one of several high @-@ profile lawyers assigned to defend participants in the rebellion ( included in this group were Theodore Sedgwick , Caleb Strong , James Sullivan , Levi Lincoln , Sr. , and Thomas Dawes ) .
In 2011 , Boris Dolin joined the congregation as its newest associate rabbi .
The reviewer said that Emile [UNK] had made the improbable story more plausible .
The boulders were transported over 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) from the source of the stone .
The RUC and B @-@ Specials withdrew , and the troops took up positions outside the barricaded area .
Although [UNK] finished fourth among midwestern Heisman voters in 1948 , he did not finish among the top eight .
He cried , " Have I neither friend nor foe ? " and ran out as if to throw himself into the Tiber .
She was eventually caught by two more modern Chilean centre @-@ battery ironclads , the Blanco Encalada and the Almirante Cochrane at the Battle of [UNK] Point .
Narrow canyons cut through the mountain , and widen into the plain below .
The War Office put their order on hold in a post @-@ Battle of France decision to focus military production on infantry and cruiser tanks , due to the poor performance of British light tanks during that battle .
In 1915 , Pound edited the poetry of another 1890s poet , Lionel Johnson for the publisher Elkin Mathews .
Head VI contains many motifs that were to reappear in Bacon 's work .
Taxi service is also available .
Stevens ' teams are built around solid basketball fundamentals and good team work , rather than individual basketball skill .
As a result , he left Beth Israel in 1994 to lead a synagogue on Long Island .
The introduction of the steam ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line led to a building competition between France and Britain .
With weak steering currents , the system moved slowly southwestward before looping to the northwest .
Liaison planes rose from the division strip every hour to observe the North Korean progress and to locate US 2nd Infantry Division front @-@ line units .
The maximum effective rate of fire was only between 110 and 120 rounds per minute because of the frequent need to change the fifteen @-@ round magazines .
The Russians lost around 4 @,@ 000 , about 16 percent of their force , and two regimental colors .
NR .
Tom Ward was drawn to his role because of the quality of the script , and also stated his young children were pleased that he appeared in the programme .
( 2003 ) placing Temnospondyli within crown [UNK] : .
These measurements range between 1 ( minimum intensity ) and 8 ( maximum intensity ) .
This may mean that the inner sides are relatively steep , which may make traversing the sides relatively difficult for a robotic vehicle .
The unit immediately began training , but was not attached to the 1st Airborne Division for long ; during mid @-@ 1943 , the division was transported to the Middle East so it could participate in the Allied invasion of Sicily .
Nearly fourteen @-@ year @-@ old Britannicus , heir @-@ designate prior to Nero 's adoption , was still legally a minor , but was approaching legal adulthood .
Syracuse rallied in the second half , taking its first lead of the game , 40 – 39 , off a Wes Johnson three @-@ pointer .
The reviewer enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick ’ s character development , although he felt that it was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end .
Family [UNK] .
Koni originated from a tropical depression situated within the monsoon trough to the east of the Philippines on July 15 .
The decision to enforce mass evacuation in order to increase the strength of the Rock with more military and naval personnel meant that most Gibraltarians ( some for up to ten years ) had nowhere to call ' home ' .
Filmmaker considered the score to be one of Newman 's best , saying it " [ enabled ] the film 's transcendentalist aspirations " .
From Earth @-@ based radar and spacecraft images of the crater edge , Shackleton appears to be relatively intact ; much like a young crater that has not been significantly eroded from subsequent impacts .
Steinberg had stated that he could have retired on royalties from the many parodies made of the painting , had they been paid , a motivation for his eventual copyright lawsuit for the Moscow on the Hudson use .
Lesnar returned on the June 15 episode of Raw as a fan favorite , being chosen by The Authority as the number one contender to Rollins ' WWE World Heavyweight Championship at Battleground .
Also returning to the series are Neve McIntosh as Madame Vastra , Dan Starkey as Strax and Catrin Stewart as Jenny .
The United Press syndicate ran a feature article about [UNK] in September 1944 that opened as follows : " Another great end has made his appearance on the Big Ten football horizon in the person of Dick [UNK] , 18 @-@ year @-@ old Michigan freshman . Every so often a great offensive end comes along , a player who has to learn how to play defense , but who has the natural speed , smooth actions , height and big hands that is the mark of an outstanding pass receiver . [UNK] has laid claim to that rating . A loose @-@ limbed 180 @-@ pound freshman from Saginaw , Mich . , [UNK] is being boomed as the Big Ten 's next ' freshman sensation . ' " As a freshman , he caught two touchdown passes in his first college football game against Iowa .
Independiente became Arjona 's fourth number @-@ one album on the Billboard Top Latin Albums where it debuted for the week ending 22 October 2011 .
However , the depiction of swimming was transformed into an image of dancing , an act that appears throughout Yeats 's poetry , within [UNK] flames .
Supposedly , he enlisted the services of Locusta , a woman who specialized in the manufacture of poisons .
Rebecca Gore used their exposure to European country estates to design a lavish new building for their Waltham estate during their English sojourn .
In late March 2006 , drummer Joel Ekman officially left Stone Sour and the band was talking with a few drummers who could replace him .
Within one week after its release Independiente was certified gold in Chile , the United States and Mexico and certified platinum in Venezuela and Argentina .
In the introduction to his biography of Gnaeus Julius Agricola however , Tacitus speaks highly of Nerva , describing his reign as " the dawn of a most happy age , [ when ] Nerva Caesar blended things once irreconcilable , sovereignty and freedom " .
Meanwhile , Pasar Utama houses both wet market and dry market under one roof , providing fresh vegetables , fruits , fish , and dairy products .
HMS Warrior is today a fully restored museum ship in Portsmouth , England .
The head of one individual rests under the tail of another in what may be a courtship display .
The nature of the projectiles also changed during the ironclad period .
Cooper , 92 at the time , provided an opportunity to shed light on the operation with his direct involvement in the mission as a Surgeon @-@ Lieutenant in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve ( RNVR ) .
President Barack Obama personally called Stevens to congratulate him on Butler 's season .
Nerva was old and childless , and had spent much of his career out of the public light , prompting both ancient and modern authors to speculate on his involvement in Domitian 's assassination .
Gore was granted an honorary law degree from Harvard in 1809 .
This reduced the crew 's accommodations despite a significant increase in the crew 's numbers and naval historian Fukui [UNK] believed that these ships had the worst habitability of any Japanese capital ship .
In Mexico , it was the 19th best @-@ selling album of 2011 .
Most headstones are inscribed with a cross , except for those deceased known to be atheist or non @-@ Christian .
A new government center was to be built on the hills northeast of Manila , or what is now Quezon City .
An approaching trough caused Parma to accelerate northeastward while also increasing outflow .
Manila is one of the sixteen cities and a municipality that make up Metro Manila , the National Capital Region of the Philippines .
Owen used these fossils to counter the notion that reptiles evolved from a sequential progression from early amphibians ( what he called " metamorphosed fishes " ) .
This Italian unit was based on the interned Italian ship SS [UNK] in the nearby Spanish harbour of Algeciras .
The 23rd Infantry Headquarters and Service Companies and other miscellaneous regimental units finally stopped this penetration near the regimental command post 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) northwest of Changnyong .
The clade including [UNK] and [UNK] was named [UNK] .
Subtropical cyclone intensity cannot be determined using Dvorak , which led to the development of the Hebert @-@ Poteat technique in 1975 .
Because the orbit of the Moon is tilted only 5 ° from the ecliptic , the interior of this crater lies in perpetual darkness .
At the same time , the development of Neo @-@ Confucianism ensured that Du Fu , as its poetic exemplar , occupied the paramount position .
In 1986 the head was transported to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
In the Bahamas after the storm , a boat sailed from Nassau to deliver food and building materials to Eleuthera .
Additionally , there were many [UNK] and removals of government officials along with arrests for extortion and corruption .
When Sarah enters the room , she is below Eddie in two shot while in a three shot Eddie is still below Bert .
Owen thought the name Mastodonsaurus " ought not to be retained , because it recalls unavoidably the idea of the mammalian genus Mastodon , or else a [UNK] form of the tooth ... and because the second element of the word , saurus , indicates a false affinity , the remains belonging , not to the Saurian , but to the [UNK] order of Reptiles . " Owen recognized the animal was not a " saurian " reptile , yet he also referred Jaeger 's [UNK] to the genus .
During Gore 's term the principal domestic issue occupying state politics was a banking crisis stimulated by the federal policy of [UNK] trade with Great Britain and France , then embroiled in the Napoleonic Wars .
Ambassador Bishop gave the security detail clear instructions on the rules of engagement : they could only use deadly force if people came over the embassy compound 's walls with obvious hostile intent .
The DVD release included a behind @-@ the @-@ scenes featurette , film audio commentary from Mendes and Ball , and a storyboard presentation with discussion from Mendes and Hall .
In Canada and Spain , the compact @-@ disc version of the album was available on 25 October .
Mendes found that he still had to convince DreamWorks ' production executives to let him direct .
[UNK] [UNK] is also produced to supply ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser ( [UNK] ) plant .
Casualties came to the aid stations from the infantry companies in an almost steady stream during the morning .
In Argentina , Independiente debuted at number one for the week ending 9 October 2011 ; it remained at the top position for a single week , dropping to number five the following week .
Another proposal , the towed or ' Harvey ' torpedo , involved an explosive on a line or outrigger ; either to deter a ship from ramming or to make a torpedo attack by a boat less suicidal .
Within highly conductive conditions , the disturbance quickly organized and became classified as a tropical depression at 0000 UTC the following day .
Lesnar faced Carwin at UFC 116 to unify the heavyweight titles .
He makes a few passing negative comments on Nero 's character in his work , but makes no remarks on the nature of his rule .
The absence of any form of paving between the headstone rows contributes to the simplicity of the cemetery designs .
According to ancient historians , Nero 's construction projects were overly extravagant and the large number of expenditures under Nero left Italy " thoroughly exhausted by contributions of money " with " the provinces ruined . " Modern historians , though , note that the period was riddled with deflation and that it is likely that Nero 's spending came in the form of public works projects and charity intended to ease economic troubles .
) .
However , the company has been suffering financial losses from 2009 to 2011 .
The North Koreans advanced to Changnyong itself during the afternoon of September 2 , and ROK National Police withdrew from the town .
Occurring in the field , Mack 's plan also undermined the overall command and organizational structure .
The [UNK] were connected with the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty through the marriage of [UNK] [UNK] 's brother Octavius [UNK] , and [UNK] Bassa , the great @-@ granddaughter of Tiberius .
In these scenes , he is often framed as if trapped , " reiterating rituals that hardly please him " .
Food and beverages and tobacco products also produced .
At 22 : 30 the fog lifted and Kouma saw that a North Korean pontoon bridge was being laid across the river directly in front of his position .
Despite the accusations from Punk , Heyman claimed that he was not behind Lesnar 's attack on him .
After the death of Britannicus , Agrippina was accused of slandering Octavia and Nero ordered her out of the imperial residence .
During the Kan 'ei era of the Edo period ( 1624 – 1643 ) , [UNK] [UNK] ( [UNK] ) of the Ming Dynasty 's Collective Commentary on Du Fu 's [UNK] ( [UNK] , [UNK] [UNK] ) was imported into Japan , and it gained explosive popularity in Confucian scholars and [UNK] ( townspeople ) class .
At dawn September 1 , Keiser at 2nd Division headquarters in [UNK] @-@ ni , 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Yongsan on the Miryang road , felt his division was in the midst of a crisis .
The tanks were ordered to outflank the defences and advance further into the island , and they were soon joined by two other Tetrarchs dispatched from the beaches ; the small force continued to advance until it encountered the Vichy French main line of defence .
In the War of the Pacific in 1879 , both Peru and Chile had ironclad warships , including some of those used a few years previously against Spain .
Rossen offered Darin the part after seeing him on The Mike Wallace Interview .
All guns are powered by the explosive conversion of gunpowder into gas .
SM [UNK] maintains presence in the city .
Under the leadership of Napoleon , French power rose quickly as the Grande Armée conquered most of Europe , and collapsed rapidly after the disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812 .
The South Mole and a large ship in the harbour were heavily damaged .
He channeled his anger and frustration at having to accede to network demands on that show — and during his tenures on Grace Under Fire and Cybill — into writing American Beauty .
However , a shortwave trough forced a weakness in a nearby ridge , allowing for the storm to take a more streamlined , northward path .
The Derry Housing Action Committee ( [UNK] ) was formed in March 1968 by members of the Derry Branch of the Northern Ireland Labour Party and the James Connolly Republican Club , including Eamonn McCann and Eamon [UNK] .
Ancient historians strongly criticize his choice to perform , calling it shameful .
The gunner or commander , in addition to his own duties , had to act as loader for the 2 pounder , which caused delays in combat .
There is also a statue at his alleged birthplace , [UNK] in Italy , at [UNK] Nerva street .
The American poet Ezra Pound was introduced to the group in April 1909 and found that their ideas were close to his own .
Benjamin Paul " Ben " Amos ( born 10 April 1990 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bolton Wanderers .
Mendes ' background also reassured him , because of the prominent role the playwright usually has in a theater production .
In later life , he considered himself to belong to the capital city of Chang 'an , ancestral hometown of the Du family .
One of the five Austro @-@ Hungarian boats was sunk and another mined and not repaired .
The surrender of Italy in September 1943 lifted any possible objections to the return of the evacuees to the Rock .
Because the mountain was sparsely vegetated , it was difficult to distinguish the ruins from the rocks .
Widespread power outages occurred , and strong winds resulted in agricultural and infrastructural damage , particularly in Vietnam 's northern provinces .
The major beneficiary of the Gore estate was Harvard ( which received an estimated $ 100 @,@ 000 ) , although bequests were also made to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Massachusetts Historical Society .
In Kyushu , heavy rainfall , peaking at 196 mm ( 7 @.@ 7 in ) in Ōita Prefecture , was reported .
Josepha [UNK] [UNK] ( born ca . 1945 or ca . 1953 , date uncertain ) is an [UNK] @-@ speaking Indigenous Australian from Central Australia .
As a result , relatively little remains of Manila 's prewar and colonial architecture , although there are ongoing restoration projects , especially within the old walled city , Intramuros .
Of the 29 men who came off the hill the night of September 4 , 22 escaped to friendly lines , many of them following the Naktong downstream , hiding by day and traveling by night , until they reached the lines of the US 25th Infantry Division .
[UNK] include a diversity of [UNK] , including large marine [UNK] , aquatic [UNK] , [UNK] that survived into the Cretaceous , and [UNK] with eyes near the front of their heads .
Some [UNK] became better adapted toward life in water , and shifted their diets toward aquatic organisms .
[UNK] descend in front of each ear and continue to the base of the monument .
However , prior to the match , Hong @-@ Man was replaced by Min Soo Kim .
Reconstruction took place afterwards , replacing the destroyed historic Spanish @-@ era buildings with modern ones , erasing much of the city 's character .
The total time from departure of the railcars from the shipyard to operational readiness for the boats was about six weeks .
Both [UNK] and [UNK] ranked seventh in their respective heats and did not advance past the qualification round .
The French demanded a high indemnity and Francis II abdicated as Holy Roman Emperor , releasing the German states from their allegiance to the Holy Roman Empire .
He finished his amateur career as a two @-@ time NJCAA All @-@ American , the 1998 NJCAA Heavyweight Champion , two @-@ time NCAA All @-@ American , two @-@ time Big Ten Conference Champion , and the 2000 NCAA Heavyweight Champion , with a record of 106 – 5 overall in four years of college .
The Provisional IRA initially stated that they would not follow suit , but after informal approaches to the British Government they announced a ceasefire from 26 June .
The invasion plan called for an amphibious assault landing on four beaches on the west side of the tip , which would allow the British forces to advance approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) and approach [UNK] from the rear .
Iron ships had first been proposed for military use in the 1820s .
To this end , the war dead are commemorated by name on a headstone , at an identified site of a burial , or on a memorial .
Three more Fusō @-@ class ships ( Yamashiro , Ise , and Hyūga ) were approved and all three were ordered in April 1913 .
E Company never reached its blocking position .
Although some arguments have been made that they are pre @-@ Olmec , these latter monuments are generally believed to be influenced by the Olmec style of sculpture .
Due to his large hands , Lesnar was wearing [UNK] gloves for the fight , making him the second man in Nevada 's combat sports history to wear such gloves after Choi Hong @-@ man .
Atmospheric divergence was also prevalent in the same regions , resulting in enhanced tropical cyclogenesis east of the Philippines in 2003 ; the mean region of development of tropical systems during the year was more southwest than the 1971 – 2000 30 @-@ year average .
By the end of the 1850s it was clear that France was unable to match British building of steam warships , and to regain the strategic initiative a dramatic change was required .
The new tank was no longer air @-@ portable , as it was too heavy to be carried by a Hamilcar .
They met again only once , in 745 .
In 422 , Augustine of Hippo wrote about 2 Thessalonians 2 : 1 – 11 , where he believed Paul mentioned the coming of the Antichrist .
He resumed his law practice , in which he took on as a student Daniel Webster .
In a match that saw both wrestlers and even Heyman covered in blood , it ended when Lesnar reversed an attempted Tombstone Piledriver into his finishing F @-@ 5 maneuver for the win .
Hickey replied that MacArthur had the day before approved the use of the US Marines if and when Walker considered it necessary .
The backs of the heads are often flat , as if the monuments were originally placed against a wall .
The play was part of a series which featured different playwrights , titled Burn / [UNK] / Citizenship .
The design of the reactivated squadron 's crest includes a wedge @-@ tailed eagle to denote courage and nobility , a [UNK] spear thrower to symbolise the town and its indigenous heritage , Sturt 's Desert Pea to represent South Australia , and the Pleiades star cluster , which features in the folklore of the local [UNK] people .
The next day , PAGASA discontinued advisories after the typhoon exited the region .
The annual total cargo throughput is 45 @.@ 4 million tonnes , consisting of 58 % LNG and 42 % non @-@ LNG products .
Back 2 Base X ( 2006 ) .
Falk said , " It 's important to get their personalities on the music . " In addition , the article reported that Syco Records was working on candidates that included Max Martin and Lundin .
From Cairns it continued to conduct reconnaissance , anti @-@ submarine and occasional bombing operations over the waters around New Guinea .
After debuting on WWE 's main roster in 2002 , he won the WWE Championship on three separate occasions with victories over The Rock and Kurt Angle ( twice ) .
These views were later popularized by the 18th @-@ century historian Edward Gibbon in his History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire .
In London , home @-@ comers were making claims on the evacuees ’ wartime accommodation and 500 Gibraltarians were re @-@ evacuated to Scotland and 3 @,@ 000 to camps in Northern Ireland .
A contributor to the Colombian website CMI commented that " listening to Independiente is a labyrinth to go through , each song is a huge path that seems to have no end , because it involves imagination , it invites you to dream , to charm , to bewitch . But neither leaves behind the problematic requirements of love , its loopholes , hideouts and concerns , as well as its bad times in this joke that 's life " .
Inside the Rock of Gibraltar itself , miles of tunnels were excavated from the limestone .
Cast notes .
On September 1 the regiment ordered it to withdraw to the Changnyong area .
Described by many as about " the meaning of life " or " the hollow existence of the American suburbs " , the film has defied categorization by even the filmmakers .
Shortly after development , Kujira quickly intensified in its early stages , and was upgraded to a tropical storm just two days after cyclogenesis .
They immediately reported to the battalion command post .
Saul Steinberg created 85 covers and 642 internal drawings and illustrations for The New Yorker , including its March 29 , 1976 cover , titled " View of the World from 9th Avenue " .
Linfa and its extratropical remnants later brought torrential rainfall and widespread flooding to Japan , particularly in southwestern regions .
Another is that they evolved from [UNK] , most likely the [UNK] .
The advanced elements of the battalion joined 1st Battalion at 17 : 00 September 2 .
The head had collapsed into a ravine under its own weight and was found face down on its left hand side .
American paleontologist Alfred Romer brought the name Temnospondyli back into use in the later 20th century .
Storms entering from the Central Pacific only include their information while in the western Pacific , and are noted with an asterisk * .
Tony Adams .
In Okinawa , Choi @-@ wan flooded a boat , forcing its occupants to be rescued by the Coast Guard .
In Germany , the album was first available on the Kiwi label on 4 October and on 11 October through Warner Music .
Tacitus , in book XIII of his Annals , describes Nero as being ' scarcely out of his boyhood ' at the time he became emperor .
The launch of the battlecruiser HMS Invincible the following year was a further setback for Japan 's quest for parity .
After its dissipation five days later , no tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity developed over the next two months .
By 1927 , when the majority of construction had been completed , over 500 cemeteries had been built , with 400 @,@ 000 headstones , a thousand Crosses of Sacrifice , and 400 Stones of Remembrance .
Towards the end of 2013 , DJ Product mysteriously left the band with no explanation and no comment from the other members .
NY 270 begins straight ahead to the south while NY 93 turns northeast onto Saunders Settlement Road , beginning a concurrency with NY 31 .
Ironclads were widely used in South America .
Writing in Film Quarterly , Gary [UNK] praised the actors , but said that characters such as Carolyn and Col. Fitts were stereotypes .
Martin McGuinness , who in August 1969 had helped defend the barricades , initially joined the Officials , but a few months later left to join the [UNK] .
As paramedics tended to a screaming Angle , Lesnar finished off the assault with a [UNK] on the ringside barricade , breaking the champion 's leg in storyline .
The War Office authorised the construction of three prototype models in April 1941 .
A few hours after this conversation Walker , at 13 : 15 , attached the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade to the US 2nd Division and ordered a co @-@ ordinated attack by all available elements of the division and the marines , with the mission of destroying the North Koreans east of the Naktong River in the 2nd Division sector and of restoring the river line .
The head is very well preserved and displays a fine finish .
Mendes and he argued , but Ball was more accepting after Mendes cut the sequences completely ; Ball felt that without the scenes , the film was more optimistic and had evolved into something that " for all its darkness had a really romantic heart " .
The rioters were condemned as hooligans by moderates , who saw the riots as hampering attempts to resolve the situation .
The Commission , as part of its mandate , is responsible for commemorating all Commonwealth war dead individually and equally .
The French division was part of the newly created VIII Corps , the so @-@ called Corps Mortier , under command of Édouard Mortier .
The center attack called for the NK 9th Division , NK 4th Division , NK 2nd Division , and NK 10th Division break through the US 2nd Infantry Division at the Naktong Bulge to Miryang and Yongsan .
The Assistant Architects were : George [UNK] Gordon Leith , Wilfred Clement von Berg , Charles Henry Holden ( who in 1920 became a Principal Architect ) , William Harrison Cowlishaw , William Bryce Binnie , George Hartley Goldsmith , Frank Higginson , Arthur James Scott Hutton , Noel Ackroyd Rew , and John Reginald Truelove .
Although Stevens had a strong passion for the game , he realized that his basketball skills were modest and not likely to get him very far .
This crater was named after Ernest Henry Shackleton , an Anglo @-@ Irish explorer of Antarctica from 1901 until his death in 1922 .
Bert calls him a " born loser " but nevertheless offers to stake him in return for 75 % of his winnings ; Eddie refuses .
Lesnar returned on the June 17 episode of Raw , attacking Heyman 's fellow client CM Punk with an F @-@ 5 .
Lesnar won the match and his third WWE Championship by a final count of five to four .
Reviewers considered the game an improvement on the Breakout formula and praised its gameplay craftsmanship and incorporation of the Kirby series .
In the Russian novel War and Peace , Leo Tolstoy devoted several pages to the battle , its prelude , and its aftermath , and the delivery of its news to the Tsar by Prince Andrew .
Dio Chrysostom .
Ironclads were still being built with wooden hulls into the 1870s .
Very fine Olmec art , much clearly made for an elite , survives in several forms , notably Olmec figurines , and larger sculptures such as The Wrestler .
The percentage of total annual contributions for which each country is responsible is United Kingdom 78 @.@ 4 % , Canada 10 @.@ 1 % , Australia 6 @.@ 1 % , New Zealand 2 @.@ 1 % , South Africa 2 @.@ 1 % and India 1 @.@ 2 % .
However , he and Pound had long been corresponding on the question of the renewal of poetry along similar lines .
Extensive trials of the equipment began in January 1942 under the eye of MI6 radio expert Colonel Richard Gambier @-@ Parry .
La Venta Monument 1 is speculated to have been the portrait of La Venta 's final ruler .
In February 2000 , American Beauty was nominated for eight Academy Awards ; its closest rivals , The Cider House Rules and The Insider , received seven nominations each .
, and was directed by Robert García .
Gore also engaged in other ventures with these partners , but apparently carefully stayed with financial speculations , and avoided the partners ' less successful land ventures .
Stevens called a timeout .
WWE confirmed it had granted Lesnar " a one @-@ off opportunity " to compete at UFC 200 before he would return to the company for SummerSlam on August 21 .
Ken Sachs ( The Finger ) — keyboard ( 1994 – 1996 ) .
The Hustler is credited with sparking a resurgence in the popularity of pool in the United States , which had been on the decline for decades .
The rim is slightly raised about the surrounding surface and it has an outer rampart that has been only lightly impacted .
He took the civil service exam a second time during the following year , but all the candidates were failed by the prime minister ( apparently in order to prevent the emergence of possible rivals ) .
The cumulative effect of these delays resulted in the production of only a small number of Mk VIIs ; estimates place the final total produced to be between 100 and 177 .
The age of the crater is about 3 @.@ 6 billion years and it has been in the proximity of the south lunar pole for at least the last two billion years .
The track became the group 's sixth top @-@ ten hit in Ireland and the United Kingdom , while attaining top @-@ forty positions in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in Australia , Canada , Denmark , France , New Zealand , and the Netherlands .
Child labor representatives and they were on the set for the shooting of the scene .
Stevens kept the team focused with a " next man up " attitude and the game was tied at 28 at halftime .
Nero also built a new palace complex known as the Domus Aurea in an area cleared by the fire .
Gulf Golden International Flying Academy ( [UNK] ) , the first and only flying academy in Sarawak , was closed in 2012 due to financial difficulties .
Despite Ambassador Bishop 's planning with Central Command , the task force was provided outdated information .
On May 24 , 2008 , the Dodgers bought Kershaw 's minor @-@ league contract , and he was added to the active roster .
They resembled salamanders , and some taxa , such as the genus [UNK] , even retained external gills like the modern @-@ day axolotl .
This condition crippled the Austrian military leadership and forced the recall of such pensioners as Schmitt out of retirement .
Although the crisis caused a number of bank failures in New England , Massachusetts banks largely escaped unscathed .
, Nero began singing in public in Neapolis in order to improve his popularity .
The most substantial surviving account of the reign of Nerva was written by the 3rd @-@ century historian Cassius Dio .
This cross was designed to imitate medieval crosses found in churchyards in England with proportions more commonly seen in the Celtic cross .
Operation USA , since the early 1980s , has relied on fundraising efforts featuring singers and celebrities .
There was an immediate public outcry following the publication of the reports , particularly with regards to the decision to not repatriate the bodies of the dead .
Manila has architecturally significant buildings in a wide range of styles spanning distinct historical and cultural periods .
Given that the extremely large slabs of stone used in their production were transported over large distances , requiring a great deal of human effort and resources , it is thought that the monuments represent portraits of powerful individual Olmec rulers .
On 18 July 1940 , after the attack on the French Fleet at Mers @-@ el @-@ Kébir by the British , the Vichy government authorized a bombing raid of Gibraltar as a response .
As part of its promotion , One Direction performed the song on televised programmes and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) .
Superfamily [UNK] .
The current court complex is located at Pisang Emas Road .
However , when the UN forces , under the Eighth United States Army , established the Pusan Perimeter in August , the UN troops held a continuous line along the peninsula which North Korean troops could not flank , and their advantages in numbers decreased daily as the superior UN logistical system brought in more troops and supplies to the UN army .
Major destinations include the walled city of Intramuros , the National Theater at the Cultural Center of the Philippines , Manila Ocean Park , Binondo , Ermita , Malate , Manila Zoo , National Museum of the Philippines and Rizal Park .
[UNK] was one of the largest of the [UNK] , with an estimated weight of 500 kg ( 1 @,@ 100 lb ) .
The song was used by American telecommunications corporation AT & T for a Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone commercial featuring Arjona and was released in music stores in May 2012 .
The rotational axis of the Moon lies within Shackleton , only a few kilometers from its center .
The Devils won silver .
Tracy , who played soccer for DePauw , quickly learned of Brad 's love for basketball ; on their third date he drove her an hour and a half to attend a high school basketball game .
Author Walter Tevis denied for the rest of his life that Wanderone had played any role in the creation of the character .
Most of C Company moved all the way to the 25th Division positions south of the Naktong .
I ain 't afraid of anything and I ain 't afraid of anybody .
These problems influenced the British to equip ships with muzzle @-@ loading weapons of increasing power until the 1880s .
To further protect the magazines the depth of the double bottom was increased to a total of 3 @.@ 58 metres ( 11 ft 9 in ) underneath the barbettes and magazines .
West Valley City , Utah .
The sport gave her a degree of independence .
Midday on May 18 , the JTWC began to monitor an area of persistent disturbed weather associated with a broad low @-@ pressure area southwest of Chuuk .
<formula> .
Ware began with an agreement with France to build joint British and French cemeteries under the understanding that these would be maintained by the French government .
The production deliberately minimized the use of red , as it was an important thematic signature elsewhere .
The music is used like a visual cue , so that Lester and the score are staring at Angela .
Press accounts at the time noted that the injury " will probably keep him out of pro football all season , if not forever . " The incident led to a debate as to whether NFL owners should " bar their men from playing with the college all @-@ stars . " .
The second half of July , however , featured the development of typhoons Imbudo and Koni , which both tracked westward across the Philippines before striking areas near Saipan and other regions of southeastern China .
I 've been an underdog in athletics since I was five .
The surviving histories speak equally positively of Nerva 's brief reign , although none offer a substantial commentary on his policies .
The scant damage inflicted by the guns of Monitor and Virginia at Battle of Hampton Roads and the spectacular but lucky success of the Austrian flagship SMS Erzherzog Ferdinand Max sinking the Italian Re d 'Italia at Lissa gave strength to the ramming craze .
That afternoon over 1 @,@ 500 [UNK] residents built barricades , armed themselves with steel bars , wooden clubs and [UNK] , and told the police that they would not be allowed into the area .
Nero 's father died of edema ( " dropsy " ) in 39 when Nero was two .
Hed pe played the " Local Heroes Tour " in the fall of 2012 and played with [UNK] in San [UNK] on Sunday October 7 , 2012 .
As of 2010 , Roman Catholics comprises 83 @.@ 5 % of the population , followed by adherents of the Philippine Independent Church ( 2 @.@ 4 % ) ; Iglesia ni Cristo ( 1 @.@ 9 % ) ; various Protestant churches ( 1 @.@ 8 % ) ; and Buddhists ( 1 @.@ 1 % ) .
An additional monument , at Takalik Abaj in Guatemala , is a throne that may have been carved from a colossal head .
The distribution of the midships gun turrets was the most obvious flaw as they complicated the protection of the midships magazine and exposed more of the ship to the blast effects of the guns when they fired .
About 120 kilometers from the crater lies the 5 @-@ km tall [UNK] Mountain , a peak that is perpetually visible from the Earth , and which could serve as a radio relay station when suitably equipped .
The French lost 1 @,@ 500 men killed and wounded .
When Lester is caught masturbating by Carolyn , his angry retort about their lack of intimacy is the first time he says aloud what he thinks about her .
By stopping at this point , Rosenfeld felt that Steiner " astonishes "4 , which undermines his own " astonishes "5 .
The subsequent shot — an aerial view of the neighborhood — was originally intended as the plate shot for the bluescreen effects in the dream sequence .
His mother , Jan , is a university professor .
The religious community was dispersed during the English Civil War between Parliamentarians and Royalists but reformed , ending with the death of John Ferrar in 1657 .
Grievances over harsh policies pursued by Governor James Bowdoin blossomed into Shays ' Rebellion , which required militia action to crush in 1787 .
Bye = Athlete not required to compete in round .
Their nude scenes are used to communicate their vulnerability .
Possible fragments of additional colossal heads have been recovered at San Lorenzo and at San Fernando in Tabasco .
Former actor [UNK] Moreno currently serves as the city 's vice mayor .
Operation Tonga was the last that Tetrarchs saw of active combat .
They especially praised the unique power @-@ ups , though Crispin Boyer and Sushi X also felt the game was too short and easy .
Hed PE left Jive Records , releasing their fourth studio album , Only in Amerika , on Koch Records on October 19 , 2004 .
Many ironclads were built to make use of the ram or the torpedo , which a number of naval designers considered the important weapons of naval combat .
It finally dissipated on December 17 , with the pressure and winds unknown .
Over next two months , however , fluctuations in sea surface temperatures , particularly those in the Central Pacific , caused the group to revise their predictions downward and indicated the probability for a slightly below average typhoon season in their June forecast .
Development of the objective Dvorak technique began in 1998 , which performed best with tropical cyclones that had eyes ( of hurricane or typhoon strength ) .
The end date for the First World War period is the official end of the war , while for the Second World War the Commission selected a date approximately the same period after VE Day as the official end of the First World War was after the 1918 Armistice .
He finds Sarah again and this time she takes him in , but with reservations .
Col. Fitts becomes suspicious of Lester and Ricky 's friendship when he finds his son 's footage of Lester lifting weights while nude , which Ricky captured by chance , leading him to believe that Ricky is gay .
Most pets were killed by their owners ; some were given poison .
Hyūga was unsuccessfully attacked by an American submarine at 18 : 43 .
He gleefully announces that a person dying twice is an impossibility and , bidding farewell to his allies for now , the Doctor departs in the TARDIS to investigate and find Clara .
In early 1943 , the arrival of an experienced head of Abwehr operations in Spain improved the outreach of the operations .
The opening combines an unfamiliar viewpoint of the Burnhams ' neighborhood with Lester 's narrated admission that he will soon die , forcing audiences to consider their own mortality and the beauty around them .
He was a member of the National Honor Society , graduating seventh in his class of 165 .
On May 13 , 2014 , On the band 's official Facebook page , they released the official announcement of when the band 's new album Evolution will hit stores .
To the poorest , Nerva granted allotments of land worth up to 60 million sesterces .
On the February 25 episode of Raw , Lesnar once again attempted to attack McMahon , only to get into a brawl with the returning Triple H , which resulted in Lesnar legitimately having his head split open and requiring eighteen stitches .
Mendes avoided using close @-@ ups , as he believed the technique was overused ; he also cited Spielberg 's advice that he should imagine an audience silhouetted at the bottom of the camera monitor , to keep in mind that he was shooting for display on a 40 @-@ foot ( 10 m ) screen .
Imagism was a movement in early 20th @-@ century Anglo @-@ American poetry that favored precision of imagery and clear , sharp language .
With the help of Edward , Prince of Wales , Ware submitted a memorandum to the Imperial War Conference in 1917 suggesting that an imperial organisation be constituted .
On July 19 at Battleground , Lesnar dominated Rollins , delivering 13 suplexes ; mid @-@ pinfall , after performing an F @-@ 5 , he was attacked by The Undertaker , who incapacitated Lesnar with a chokeslam and two Tombstone [UNK] ; this ended the match , with Lesnar winning by disqualification and Rollins retaining the championship .
In so doing , Stevens became the sixth head coach in NCAA history to reach 50 wins in 56 games or fewer .
At West Palm Beach , the majority of the damage was confined to vegetation .
On 9 May 2004 , thirty @-@ three headstones were demolished in the Gaza cemetery , which contains 3 @,@ 691 graves , allegedly in retaliation for the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal .
South Australia hosted the New South Wales Patriots at Norwood Oval , Adelaide , while the Victoria Aces hosted the championship series at La Trobe University , Melbourne .
Stevens was named as both a Hugh Durham and Jim Phelan Award finalist for the third consecutive year , losing to Mike Young and Jamie Dixon respectively .
He was relieved by Yan Wu , a friend and former colleague who was appointed governor general at Chengdu .
It appears Vespasian befriended Nerva during his time as an imperial advisor , and may have asked him to watch over Vespasian 's youngest son Domitian when Vespasian departed for the Jewish war in 67 .
He praised Coleman 's introduction as Clara and the gang of Vastra , Jenny , and Strax .
Pallas , along with [UNK] , was accused of conspiring against the Emperor to bring Faustus Sulla to the throne .
Despite his achievements and unprecedented feat as the Mayor of Manila , however , Estrada was re @-@ elected as Manila mayor in the 2016 election against Lim and Amado [UNK] , only winning by an infinitesimal 2 @,@ 830 votes .
Raised in August 1941 , it operated PBY Catalina and Short Empire flying boats from bases in New Guinea , Queensland and the Northern Territory , conducting search @-@ and @-@ rescue , mine @-@ laying , anti @-@ submarine and bombing missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre .
Early on November 1 , [UNK] made landfall on northeastern Luzon in the Philippines , south of Palanan .
A helicopter evacuation via the USS Guam and USS Trenton was the remaining option .
[UNK] was a Mercian by birth .
According to Patti [UNK] , colors are used symbolically throughout the film , none more so than red , which is an important thematic signature that drives the story and " [ defines ] Lester 's arc " .
It was the first exploration of equatorial Africa from Europe in history .
In the early 730s , he travelled in the Jiangsu / Zhejiang area ; his earliest surviving poem , describing a poetry contest , is thought to date from the end of this period , around 735 .
The worst impacted city was Quanzhou , where losses due to Morakot reached CN ¥ 240 million ( US $ 29 million ) and one death was reported .
Water services used to be provided by the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System , which served 30 % of the city with most other sewage being directly dumped into storm drains , septic tanks , or open canals .
The lips are thick and slightly parted ; the front of the lower lip has broken away completely , and the lower front of the headdress is pitted with 27 irregularly spaced artificial depressions .
In mid @-@ November , the JMA briefly tracked a weak tropical depression near Wake Island .
He signed with Hero 's and won his first fight , against Min @-@ Soo Kim , in June 2007 .
According to many teammates , Kershaw is a noted perfectionist .
Morakot reached peak intensity later that day with winds of 85 km / h ( 50 mph ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 992 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 29 inHg ) .
Hall was recommended to Mendes by Tom Cruise , because of Hall 's work on Without Limits ( 1998 ) , which Cruise had executive produced .
After landfall , the hurricane weakened rapidly while crossing the state .
SM UB @-@ 17 .
A platoon of 4 @.@ 2 @-@ inch mortars was also to give support .
In 1987 a clock tower and a fountain were erected at Council Negri Monument .
The Chinese Commercial News , the Philippines ' oldest existing Chinese @-@ language newspaper , and the country 's third @-@ oldest existing newspaper is headquartered in Binondo .
Insomnia ( 2007 ) .
The headdress is decorated with jaguar paws ; this general identification of the decoration is contested by Beatriz de la Fuente since the " paws " have three claws each ; she identifies them as the claws of a bird of prey .
Species range across the Neotropics from Mexico in the north to Bolivia , Paraguay , and southern Brazil in the south .
The NK 2nd Division made a new effort against the 23rd Infantry 's perimeter in the predawn hours of September 8 , in an attempt to break through eastward .
IGN wrote that the game was primarily remembered as " an Arkanoid or Breakout clone skinned with the Kirby franchise " .
It is sculpted with a net @-@ like head covering joined together with sculpted beads .
The La [UNK] head was found on El Vigia hill in the Sierra de los [UNK] and the stone from Tres [UNK] Colossal Head 1 and [UNK] Colossal Head 1 ( also known as Tres [UNK] Monuments A and Q ) came from the same hill .
Early shooting put more focus on the pool playing , but during filming Rossen made the decision to place more emphasis on the love story between Newman and Laurie 's characters .
They first attacked it at 14 : 00 that afternoon , and were repulsed .
A cord hangs from the upper edge of the glass case , falling just in front of the pope 's face and partially covering his eyes .
It also received an Appreciation Index figure of 87 , higher than most of the Doctor Who Christmas specials .
More than 400 aircraft of all types were crammed into the dispersal areas around the Gibraltar runway .
Spacey was Mendes ' first choice for the role of Lester , though DreamWorks had urged the director to consider better @-@ known actors ; similarly , the studio suggested several actors for the role of Carolyn until Mendes offered the part to Bening without DreamWorks ' knowledge .
[UNK] derivatives were first reported in the mid @-@ 1950s by Emmons and subsequently by [UNK] and Horner and Jürgens .
Zhang Jie wrote that for Du Fu , " everything in this world is poetry " , Du wrote extensively on subjects such as domestic life , calligraphy , paintings , animals , and other poems .
The 3rd Regiment had been left at Inch 'on , but division commander Major General Pak Kyo Sam felt the chances of capturing Yongsan were strong .
Nerva ( Latin : Marcus Cocceius Nerva Caesar Augustus ; 8 November , 30 AD – 27 January , 98 AD ) was Roman Emperor from 96 to 98 .
On 30 May 2012 , Amos signed a three @-@ year contract extension with Manchester United , which will keep him at the club until at least 2015 .
Sir Robert Lorimer was Principal Architect for Italy , Macedonia and Egypt , while Sir John James Burnet was Principal Architect for Palestine and Gallipoli , assisted by Thomas Smith Tait .
Shortly after developing , Kujira caused two fatalities in Pohnpei in addition to minor agricultural and infrastructural damage ; similar effects were felt in Guam .
Manila has a distinct dry season from December through May , and a relatively lengthy wet season that covers the remaining period with slightly cooler temperatures .
There is also no record of Nero having any offspring who survived infancy : his only recorded child , Claudia Augusta , died aged 4 months .
During World War II , Rajah Charles Vyner Brooke ordered the construction of airstrips in Kuching , Oya , Mukah , Bintulu , and Miri .
Goldberg gained victory after delivering a Jackhammer to Lesnar and both men subsequently received Stone Cold [UNK] from Austin .
Allmusic 's Johnny Loftus wrote that " While it expands on melodic elements that had previously played a supporting role in the band 's sound , Blackout also delivers truckloads of crushing guitar and pounding rhythm . And whether or not it is the presence of a top @-@ line producer , ( hed ) pe have figured out a way to imbue their aggressive mix of heavy rock and hip @-@ hop with some serious hooks . " Guitarist [UNK] joined the band in early 2004 .
Me ( Et ) [UNK] + NH3 → Me ( Et ) C = [UNK] + H2O .
As a compromise , taxes were cut from 4 @.@ 5 % to 2 @.@ 5 % .
It soon enters the small hamlet of Hickory Corners , where the road passes under Lower Mountain Road ( CR 902 ) .
Coleman was cast because of her chemistry with Matt Smith , and especially because she was able to talk faster than him .
The concept of Nero as the Antichrist is often a central belief of [UNK] eschatology .
The Germaniawerft boats were about 1 knot ( 1 @.@ 9 km / h ; 1 @.@ 2 mph ) slower than their Bremen @-@ made counterparts .
Du Fu 's conscientiousness compelled him to try to make use of it : he caused trouble for himself by protesting the removal of his friend and patron Fang Guan on a petty charge .
He said that they had written over 30 songs , some during the writing process of Vol .
The studio soon approached Mendes with a deal to direct for the minimum salary allowed under Directors Guild of America rules — $ 150 @,@ 000 .
Whether this was due to a conservative desire to retain sails , or was a rational response to the operational and strategic situation , is a matter of debate .
Thinking this force was the rumored Russian rear guard , Mortier ordered Gen. Gazan to counterattack and push east towards the town of Stein .
Melinda Newman , writing for HitFix , regarded the song as " a bouncy , electronic infectious ditty , " while Chris Younie , a critic from 4Music , deemed it an " amazing pop song " , lauding the group 's falsetto and its " head @-@ banging anthemic " chorus .
It was released as the record 's second single in Germany and the third overall single on 7 January 2013 .
After further diagnosis , Lesnar underwent surgery on November 16 to close a perforation in his intestine that had been leaking fecal matter into his abdomen , causing pain , abscesses , and overtaxing his immune system to the point that he contracted mononucleosis .
Nationalists gained a majority on the council for the first time since 1923 .
Thirty @-@ four pitches in all .
The surroundings of the old airport were developed into commercial and residential projects while the runaway is reserved for Bintulu International Kite Festival .
There the North Koreans threatened Miryang and with it the entire Eighth Army position .
Cancer .
Despite riots from the people , Nero supported the Senate on their measure , and deployed troops to organise the execution of 400 slaves affected by the law .
Nero began his reign in 54 by promising the Senate more autonomy .
According to authors R. H. Gibson and Maurice Prendergast in their 1931 book The German Submarine War , 1914 – 1918 , the [UNK] did not have enough power to chase down steamers while surfaced and lacked the endurance to spend any extended amount of time underwater , exhausting their batteries after little over an hour 's running .
Hyūga had an explosion in one of her main gun turrets that killed 11 men and injured 25 in 1919 ; the following year she accidentally collided with and sank a schooner , losing two crewmen .
Bristol was chosen because it had Victorian @-@ era architecture .
Hall contacted Kodak , who sent him a batch of [UNK] that was 5 % lower in contrast .
The result of the fight remains controversial , as [UNK] tested positive for elevated levels of testosterone prior to his next fight .
The new airport has a runway measuring 2 @,@ 745 m ( 9 @,@ 006 ft ) , capable of handling planes as large as the Airbus A330 .
She auditioned for the role of Clara , not Oswin from " Asylum " , as the concept of the two characters being the same only occurred to Moffat whilst casting for Clara .
Principal photography took place between December 1998 and February 1999 on soundstages at the Warner Bros. backlot in Burbank , California , and on location in Los Angeles .
On 7 November the Russians arrived in St. Pölten and crossed the Danube river the next day .
After Thurstan 's death , Osbert was opposed to one of the candidates for the archbishopric , William fitzHerbert , and worked to secure fitzHerbert 's deposition and replacement by Henry Murdac .
Stevens ended up with a school and Horizon league record 30 wins , beating several big name schools – Michigan , Texas Tech , Florida State , Ohio State – along the way .
He shows Jane what he considers the most beautiful thing he has filmed : a plastic bag , tossing in the wind in front of a wall .
One of the highest profile cases he took on was the 1807 defense of Thomas Selfridge , accused of murdering Charles Austin .
It is also notable that [UNK] will thermally rearrange to [UNK] .
Ohio Valley Wrestling .
The Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) uses the infrared version of Dvorak over the visible imagery version .
One temnospondyl , the [UNK] [UNK] , may have brooded young in an area between the gills called the pharyngeal pouch .
Its stapes is also a better transmitter of sound .
On the morning of 31 December , the defense attaché was nearly killed when his vehicle was sprayed with bullets and that evening , a soldier at a roadblock shot the tires of a vehicle carrying another defense official .
There are several legends surrounding the name Bintulu .
In these species , the shape and proportions of skull bones change in the early stages of development .
In addition to these , the Church recognized five parishes as [UNK] — namely , [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] @-@ [UNK] , Santa Mesa and [UNK] .
In seasonally dry Amazonian forests the density of large adult A. [UNK] palms was correlated with canopy openness ; the species also dominates savannas formed by repeated forest fires in Trinidad and Tobago .
The government felt that it was more appropriate to entrust the work to a specially appointed body rather than to any existing government department .
As an immediate gesture of goodwill towards his supporters , Nerva publicly swore that no senators would be put to death as long as he remained in office .
Chinese sawmill owners at Sibu and Bintulu were instructed by the Japanese to produce timber for repairs at oil fields and ship building .
Janet Maslin in The New York Times said Spacey was at his " wittiest and most agile " to date , and Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times singled Spacey out for successfully portraying a man who " does reckless and foolish things [ but who ] doesn 't deceive himself " .
Emmanuel Lieber – Jewish Holocaust survivor and director of the search party to find Hitler ; after crawling out of a death pit in [UNK] he never took the time to mend and embarked on a life @-@ consuming obsession to bring those responsible for the genocide to justice .
The Austro @-@ Russian force was a mixture of infantry , Jägers ( usually deployed as skirmishers ) , Russian musketeers and Russian and Austrian cavalry , accompanied by more than 68 artillery pieces .
He worked his way through the Dodgers ' farm system in just one full season , and reached the majors at 20 years old .
The precise facts have been obscured by history , but modern historians believe Nerva was proclaimed Emperor solely on the initiative of the Senate , within hours after the news of the assassination broke .
The river makes a crescent @-@ shaped curve between [UNK] and nearby Krems an der Donau and the battle was fought in the flood plain between the river and the mountains .
The film follows Ezra Greer , a middle @-@ aged man who has worked hard since his youth .
The Dvorak technique ( developed between 1969 and 1984 by Vernon Dvorak ) is a widely used system to estimate tropical cyclone intensity ( which includes tropical depression , tropical storm , and hurricane / typhoon / intense tropical cyclone intensities ) based solely on visible and infrared satellite images .
The transport of 20 of the tanks to the USSR under the Lend @-@ Lease Act depleted the number available for use by airborne forces , as did the loss of several more during Operation Ironclad , the invasion of Madagascar .
The scalp piece does not meet the horizontal band , leaving a space between the two pieces .
Myron Kinberg was hired as rabbi in 1977 .
Some enemies contain bonus items .
Following the successful completion of the North African campaign and the surrender of Italy in 1943 , Gibraltar 's role shifted from a forward operating base to a rear @-@ area supply position .
It was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth , and the [UNK] Chocolate Factory in London .
Other [UNK] , such as [UNK] , developed long snouts and a close similarity to crocodiles , although they lacked the armor characteristic of the latter group .
Increased shear weakened the typhoon to tropical storm strengthen on June 19 , and later that day the JMA declared the storm as extratropical near the Oki Islands .
Cassius Dio .
As the threat of invasion was clearly felt in late 1941 , an idea for a series of secret observation posts ( first in Gibraltar and later in other places like Malta and Aden ) was put together under Operation Tracer .
The characteristics of the sculpture have led to some investigators suggesting that it represents a deceased person .
With minimal wind shear , the storm strengthened further and developed a large eye .
It is said that when he died in Osaka during a long travel , a copy of Du Fu 's poetry was found with him as one of a few precious items which he was able to carry around .
In 2005 , Premiere named American Beauty as one of 20 " most overrated movies of all time " ; Mendes accepted the inevitability of the critical reappraisal , saying , " I thought some of it was entirely justified — it was a little [UNK] at the time . " .
Members of [UNK] , such as [UNK] and [UNK] , had [UNK] vertebrae with enlarged [UNK] that displaced the [UNK] .
Family [UNK] ( [UNK] ) .
He believed he had been making a " much more whimsical , [ ... ] kaleidoscopic " film than what came together in the edit suite .
He sees beauty in the minutiae of everyday life , [UNK] as much as he can for fear of missing it .
This was the sixth straight 200 strikeout season for Kershaw , tying Sandy Koufax for the most in Dodgers franchise history .
Two men , [UNK] Cusack and Desmond Beattie , were shot dead in separate incidents in the early morning and afternoon of 8 July 1971 .
Ricky convinces Jane to flee with him to New York City and assures Angela that she is ugly , boring , and ordinary .
On the July 7 edition of SmackDown , it was announced that Lesnar would be facing the returning Randy Orton at SummerSlam .
After January 28 opening weekends in Australia , the United Kingdom , Spain and Norway , American Beauty had earned $ 7 million in 12 countries for a total of $ 12 @.@ 1 million outside North America .
The Council was formed by Raja Muda Charles Brooke under orders from Rajah James Brooke .
It was fitted with fire fighting foam and carbon dioxide dispensers as a result of wartime experience .
Kershaw also became just the second [UNK] to have a 240 @-@ plus strikeouts in a season before the age of 24 , joining Vida Blue .
The tympanum is involved in hearing , and is similar to the ear drum of more advanced tetrapods .
Each boat was broken into approximately fifteen pieces and loaded on to eight railway flatcars .
She returned to school in 2000 , driving five hours from Case Western 's law school to Indianapolis on weekends to see Brad .
The issue of gangsters in Bintulu was first raised in 2007 by the member of parliament ( MP ) for Bintulu .
Family [UNK] .
The JTWC estimated landfall winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) , making it the strongest typhoon to strike the Pearl River Delta since Typhoon Hope in 1979 .
The ears have been completely eroded away and the lips are damaged .
After clearing Austrian pickets from a bridge , the French attacked and captured a strategically located abbey at the top of the hill at bayonet point .
He was in goal again for United 's League Cup game in a defeat against Championship club Crystal Palace on 30 November .
Local ethnic languages and Chinese dialects are spoken by the respective ethnic groups .
Towards the end of September , the monsoon trough spawned a tropical disturbance east @-@ northeast of Yap , which became a tropical depression on September 24 .
The majority of these ceramic remains have been dated to between 800 and 400 BC ; some pieces have been dated to the Villa Alta phase ( Late Classic period , 800 – 1000 AD ) .
When Nero 's wife Poppaea Sabina died in 65 , Nero went into deep mourning .
In 1988 , Operation California began using the name Operation USA because it better described the effort and intent of the organization to represent the entire American people .
Body impressions of Early Carboniferous [UNK] from Pennsylvania suggest that some terrestrial [UNK] mated on land like some modern amphibians .
Hannah Dodd was born on 27 April 1992 , and is from Arcadia , New South Wales .
This included lush artificial landscapes and a 30 @-@ meter @-@ tall statue of himself , the Colossus of Nero .
Popular legend claims that Nero played the fiddle at the time of the fire , an anachronism based merely on the concept of the lyre , a stringed instrument associated with Nero and his performances .
The Russian ship General @-@ Admiral , laid down in 1870 and completed in 1875 , was a model of a fast , long @-@ range ironclad which was likely to be able to outrun and [UNK] ships like Swiftsure .
This all turned out to be a swerve that came into focus on the August 7 , 2003 SmackDown ! in Kelowna , British Columbia .
As of 2011 , the Commission conducts a twelve @-@ year cyclical inspection programme of Canadian veterans ' markers installed at the expense of the Government of Canada .
[UNK] was privatized in 1997 which split the water concession into the east and west zones .
Several agencies issue Dvorak intensity numbers for tropical cyclones and their precursors , including the National Hurricane Center 's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch ( TAFB ) , the NOAA / [UNK] Satellite Analysis Branch ( SAB ) , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii .
The ' T ' -shaped lift was 12 @.@ 1 metres ( 39 ft 8 in ) wide at its forward end and 6 @.@ 6 metres ( 21 ft 8 in ) wide at the its aft end .
This period of inactivity ended with the formation of Typhoon Kujira in mid @-@ April ; Kujira was one of the longest lived Pacific storms on record and was the first typhoon with 1 @-@ minute sustained winds of at least 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) in April since Typhoon Isa in 1997 .
Nero divorced and banished Octavia on grounds of infertility , leaving him free to marry the pregnant Poppaea .
Still , better to go out with good episodes than bad .
Later , [UNK] and [UNK] , some well adapted to terrestrial life , also fed on land .
Eventually the armor @-@ piercing shell was developed .
He was survived by his wife and two sons , who remained in the area for some years at least .
Bitter over the prospect of her child 's future , she leaves the child at Jack 's home during his absence with a note .
A special Type 3 [UNK] incendiary shrapnel shell was developed in the 1930s for anti @-@ aircraft use .
In addition to the D and H Company men , there were a few from the Heavy Mortar Platoon and one or two from B Company .
The 2009 documentary My Big Break followed Bentley , and several other young actors , before and after he landed the part .
In 2001 , Hed PE performed on the Ozzfest tour alongside bands such as Korn , Static @-@ X , and System of a Down .
They were modernized in 1934 – 37 with improvements to their armour and machinery and a rebuilt superstructure in the pagoda mast style .
DreamWorks contracted Amazon.com to create the official website , marking the first time that Amazon had created a special section devoted to a feature film .
On 7 January , the barricaded area was extended to include the [UNK] , another nationalist area on a hill overlooking the [UNK] .
The Commission only commemorates those who have died during the designated war years , while in Commonwealth military service or of causes attributable to service .
In January 1942 , two Spanish agents manage to destroy two aircraft at the North Front landing strip .
He was cast in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur , which was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth and the [UNK] Chocolate Factory in London .
Coming under the control of No. 96 Wing , it is responsible for the management of the airfield at RAAF Base Woomera , South Australia .
A station on the latter island reported a pressure of 27 @.@ 90 inHg ( 945 mb ) during the 30 minute passage of the eye .
On 4 October , the album was officially released as a digital download and compact disc in most of these same markets as well as North America ; an iTunes edition was released as a digital download on the iTunes music store .
Among the courses offered are : automotive , mechanical and civil engineering , commerce , and fashion .
In the western desert communities such as Utopia , Kintore , Yuendumu , Balgo , and on the outstations , people were beginning to create art works expressly for exhibition and sale .
The following week , Triple H issued a challenge to Lesnar , requesting a rematch with him at WrestleMania 29 , which Lesnar accepted but only after Triple signed a contract and Lesnar named the stipulation .
Mendes realized during editing that the film was different from the one he had envisioned .
According to Suetonius ; Nero became Emperor at the age of 17 when the news of Claudius ' death was made known , making him the youngest emperor at that time Although , what Suetonius may have meant is that he was in his seventeenth year as his date of birth , also listed by Suetonius , would have made him 16 at the time of Claudius ' death .
Even when he learned of the death of his youngest child , he turned to the suffering of others in his poetry instead of dwelling upon his own misfortunes .
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission ( CWGC ) is an intergovernmental organisation of six independent member states whose principal function is to mark , record and maintain the graves and places of commemoration of Commonwealth of Nations military service members who died in the two World Wars .
After Lester shares a joint with Ricky , his spirit is released and he begins to rebel against Carolyn .
These are stylised and represented by one question mark shape contained within another .
A number of other major construction projects occurred in Nero 's late reign .
Kevin Jackson of Sight & Sound said Spacey impressed in ways distinct from his previous performances , the most satisfying aspect being his portrayal of " both sap and hero " .
Each image is broadly similar , with minor differences in object placement and body language that reflect the changed dynamic brought on by Lester 's new @-@ found assertiveness .
NY 93 was established as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , connecting the cities and villages of Youngstown , Lockport , and Akron .
In the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic ( 228 @.@ 0 - 216 @.@ 5 Mya ) , [UNK] were joined by the superficially very similar [UNK] .
Other faiths like The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter @-@ day Saints maintains a presence in the city .
No roads were constructed in Bintulu until 1969 when the first [UNK] road was built to connect Bintulu to Miri .
Hannah Dodd ( born 27 April 1992 ) is an Australian Grade IV equestrian and 2 @.@ 0 point wheelchair basketball player who represented Australia in equestrian at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , coming 11th and 12th in her events .
Manila has six legislative districts that serve as the constituencies for the election of the city 's representatives to the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines and of the regular members to the Sangguniang [UNK] ( SP ; City Council ) .
Ben C. Vaught ( B.C. ) — drums ( 1994 – 2003 ) .
Toward the end of the film , Thomas Newman 's score features more prominently , creating " a disturbing tempo " that matches the tension of the visuals .
Type 21 air @-@ search radars were installed aboard the sisters in mid @-@ 1942 .
It received final ratings of 9 @.@ 87 million viewers in the UK , becoming the fourth most @-@ watched programme of Christmas Day .
The Philippine Ports Authority is government agency responsible to oversee the operation and management of the ports .
These first histories at one time did exist and were described as biased and fantastical , either overly critical or praising of Nero .
All properties which had been confiscated by Domitian were returned to their respective families .
Manila was then settled by the Indianized empire of Majapahit as referenced in the epic eulogy poem Nagarakretagama which inscribed its conquest by Maharaja [UNK] [UNK] .
Because Mastodonsaurus was named first , it has precedence over the other names as a senior subjective synonym .
Afgoy Road became a " shooting gallery , " preventing those in safe @-@ havens outside the embassy from reaching it .
On February 4 , American Beauty debuted in France and Belgium .
[ … ] But the knowledge that this might be the last time we see them puts a damper on things .
Ricardo Montalban .
Newman won for Best Foreign Actor and Piper Laurie was nominated for Best Foreign Actress .
In Amami Ōshima , the storm left 10 @,@ 810 people without power .
Reisch 's column also failed to destroy the bridges across the Danube .
Canadian Agency is headed by a secretary @-@ general and responsible for Canada , the entire Americas ( including the Caribbean ) .
Historian Steven Lowenstein writes that " [ a ] fter Hymen Rubenstein 's death in 1933 , his home at 231 West Eighth Street was remodeled and named Temple Beth Israel " .
[UNK] means " roof @-@ headed " in Greek , a reference to the wide , flat heads of [UNK] and other early tetrapods .
He is the great @-@ nephew of astronomer Clyde Tombaugh , the discoverer of Pluto .
Sports Illustrated calls Stevens an expert " on breaking down tape and looking at statistical trends to find opponents ' weaknesses . " Former player Ronald Nored agrees : " We know everything we need to about our opponents , all their tendencies are broken down " ahead of time .
Colossal Head 2 wears a complex headdress that sports a horizontal band tied at the back of the head ; this is decorated with three bird 's heads that are located above the forehead and temples .
He then signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) the following October .
Near the Bavarian town of Wertingen , 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) northwest of Augsburg , on 8 October the 1st Regiment of dragoons , part of Murat 's Reserve Cavalry Corps , and grenadiers of Lannes ' V Corps surprised an Austrian force half its size .
The location would promote self @-@ sustainability for lunar residents , as perpetual sunlight on the south pole would provide energy for solar panels .
A former basketball player , he grew up in [UNK] , Indiana , where he starred on the [UNK] Community High School basketball team , setting four school records .
<formula> .
Some sources , including some mentioned above , portray him as an emperor who was popular with the common Roman people , especially in the East .
Bacon 's approach was to elevate his subject so he could knock him down again , thereby making a sly comment on the treatment of royalty in both old master and contemporary painting .
Many [UNK] also have canal @-@ like grooves in their skulls called sensory sulci .
Nero was proclaimed an adult in 51 at the age of 14 .
, 663 F. Supp .
This started a new era of naval warfare .
[UNK] also have a stapes , which projects into the otic cavity .
The next assignment , Operation Ironclad , was the invasion of Madagascar , the third largest island in the world and then under Vichy French control .
[UNK] @-@ talkies were used to maintain contact between different areas of fighting and [UNK] headquarters in Paddy Doherty 's house in Westland Street , and first aid stations were operating , staffed by doctors , nurses and volunteers .
All three squadrons were transported to Inverary in Scotland for intensive training that focused on embarkation and disembarkation from ships and landing craft to prepare them for action in potential amphibious operations .
The military history of Gibraltar during World War II exemplifies Gibraltar 's position as a British fortress since the early 18th century and as a vital factor in British military strategy , both as a foothold on the continent of Europe , and as a bastion of British sea power .
One of Recto Avenue 's famous destination is [UNK] , home to numerous shopping malls in the city .
This was the critical terrain where so much heavy fighting had taken place in the first battle of the Naktong Bulge .
Savan Kotecha — writing , background vocals .
Boulter received a favorable review in The Daily Telegraph : " The acting is shatteringly intense , with wired performances from Ben Whishaw ( now unrecognisable from his performance as Trevor Nunn 's Hamlet ) , Robert Boulter , Shane Zaza and Fraser Ayres . " The Guardian noted , " Ben Whishaw and Robert Boulter offer tenderness amid the savagery . " .
Warrior highlighted the challenges of picking the right armament ; the breech @-@ loaders she carried , designed by Sir William Armstrong , were intended to be the next generation of heavy armament for the Royal Navy , but were shortly withdrawn from service .
These began in the northern part of the regimental sector and quickly spread southward .
Lesnar later apologized for his remarks at the post @-@ fight press conference , where he held a bottle of Bud Light and endorsed their product .
On November 18 , Nepartak passed near southwestern Hainan and weakened , with the convection diminishing from the circulation .
Several were also used for propaganda purposes , appearing in photographs of Soviet troops who were fighting in the Caucasus region .
The appearance of this anthology initiated a critical discussion of the place of the Imagists in the history of 20th @-@ century poetry .
Feeling confident , the French established a forward post just upstream from Stein .
A convoy of vehicles with several Marines and SEALs left the embassy at 8 : 47 and returned ten minutes later with 22 persons from the OMC ( four Americans , a Filipino , and 17 Kenyans ) .
Ozawa reversed course during the night , correctly believing that the Americans would follow him north .
During the season 21 named tropical cyclones developed in the Western Pacific and were named by the Japan Meteorological Agency , when it was determined that they had become tropical storms .
[UNK] argues that a " rhythm of repetition " forms the core of the film 's structure .
Two badly damaged Olmec sculptures depict rectangular stone blocks bound with ropes .
In 2007 , the single " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards .
A neutron spectrometer on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft detected enhanced concentrations of hydrogen close to the northern and southern lunar poles , including the crater Shackleton .
Likewise , the image impedance of a mid @-@ shunt section is designated ZiΠ due to the " Π " topology .
Moffat is co @-@ creator of the BBC series Sherlock , for which Smith auditioned for the role of Doctor Watson before being cast as the Doctor .
A shot where Lester and Ricky share a cannabis joint behind a building came from a misunderstanding between Hall and Mendes .
As of August 2013 , the project has recorded 1 @.@ 7 million photographs for posterity .
The current Mayor of Manila is Joseph Estrada , who served as the President of the Philippines from 1998 @-@ 2001 .
He shelved the play after realizing the story would not work on stage .
Nearby craters of note include Shoemaker , Haworth , de Gerlache , Sverdrup , and [UNK] .
The Second Battle of Naktong Bulge was an engagement between United Nations ( UN ) and North Korean ( NK ) forces early in the Korean War from September 1 to September 15 , 1950 , along the Naktong River in South Korea .
Robert Boulter is an English film , television and theatre actor .
The player loses a life if Kirby hits the edge of the screen .
Despite the rigorous searches , bodies continued to be discovered in numbers .
He lent Bening the Bobby Darin version of the song " Don 't Rain on My Parade " , which she enjoyed and persuaded the director to include it for a scene in which Carolyn sings in her car .
Sister cities of Manila .
The 1st Battalion moved there and took a place on the left flank of the 2nd Battalion .
Attempts by the US and other nations ' diplomats , in particular the Italian embassy , to negotiate a ceasefire for foreigners to leave were unsuccessful .
Grant 's appearance in Doctor Who was teased by the BBC via Twitter , announcing his appearance at midnight 5 August 2012 .
SM UB @-@ 14 .
This is usually not true of the sections at either end , which are usually terminated with a fixed resistance .
Jackson said the film transcended its clichéd setup to become a " wonderfully resourceful and sombre comedy " .
Their teenaged son , Ricky , constantly films his surroundings with a camcorder , collecting hundreds of recordings on videotapes in his bedroom .
The riddles deal with such diverse topics as philosophy and charity , the five senses and the alphabet , and a book and a pen .
Willie Mosconi served as technical advisor on the film and shot a number of the trick shots in place of the actors .
According to the Monthly Weather Review , some of the most severe damage from the storm in Florida was at Olympia .
On the morning of 24 October , the bulk of the few aircraft aboard were launched to attack the American carriers as a distraction .
Two people were killed in China and economic losses approximated to ¥ 2 @.@ 1 billion ( US $ 253 million ) .
Wisconsin 's offense protested to officials , who " prowled the Wolverines secondary but never caught their man . " [UNK] continued to scramble Badger signals , as [UNK] 's teammates laughed at his scheme .
In 2003 , the JMA monitored 21 tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity ; of those , 14 reached typhoon intensity .
The first United States edition was published in hardcover in April 1982 by Simon & Schuster .
Finally , Steiner said that his Hitler ( A. H. ) is " a fictive figure " , and that it is not he who has the last word , but [UNK] , the Indian tracker , who shouts " Proven " .
They transferred to Cam Ranh Bay , French Indochina and Hyūga became flagship of the 5th Fleet there on 14 December .
One Direction performed " Kiss You " on both the UK and US versions of The X Factor and 3 major concert tours : Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) , Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) and On the Road Again Tour ( 2015 ) .
The tenor of his work changed as he developed his style and adapted to his surroundings ( " chameleon @-@ like " according to Watson ) : his earliest works are in a relatively derivative , courtly style , but he came into his own in the years of the rebellion .
[UNK] Albertine [UNK] competed on Chad 's behalf as the national delegation 's only female athlete at the Beijing games .
Metamorphosis is seen in [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] , with aquatic larvae developing into adults capable of living on land .
The specific date placement is unknown , but it was dedicated by Fidel Herrera Beltrán , then governor of Veracruz , during his time in office between 2004 – 2010 .
[UNK] Erica [UNK] offered Bacon the opportunity of a solo show for the opening of her new Hanover Gallery .
Much of the action was filmed at two now @-@ defunct pool halls , McGirr 's and Ames Billiard Academy .
The IJN 's fleet of battleships had proven highly successful in 1905 , the last year of the Russo @-@ Japanese War , which culminated in the destruction of the Russian Second and Third Pacific Squadrons at the Battle of Tsushima .
Despite feeling that it was " enjoyable " , she noted that " the story feels truncated and rushed " .
A recent edition of his works is [UNK] Opera omnia , published in 1968 with some translations into English and German from the original Latin .
Butler cut the lead to one point in the final minute and , after a missed Kyle Singler jump shot with 36 seconds remaining , got a chance to retake the lead .
Similarly , there are separate horticultural considerations in tropical climates .
The RAF dispatched their next squadron to Gibraltar at this time and it was in September 1939 that war with Germany was declared and the strong possibility of German submarines concentrating in the Strait of Gibraltar and using Spanish port facilities , loomed large in Admiralty thinking .
Well @-@ known poets of the Edwardian era of the 1890s , such as Alfred Austin , Stephen Phillips , and William Watson , had been working very much in the shadow of Tennyson , producing weak imitations of the poetry of the Victorian era .
The campaign in the upper Danube valley began in October , with several clashes in Swabia .
NY 293 was renumbered to NY 31B c .
Lesnar faced The Undertaker again , at No Mercy , this time in a Hell in a Cell match .
He looks at a picture of his family in happier times , and dies having had an epiphany that infuses him with " wonder , joy , and soul @-@ shaking gratitude " — he has finally seen the world as it is .
In the following weeks , Lesnar would be continuously provoked by Ambrose , with Reigns saving him from the subsequent attacks by Lesnar .
The area encompassed four cities and thirteen adjoining towns , as a separate regional unit of government .
He was active in forming the Jewish Renewal movement , and was ordained by its leader Zalman [UNK] @-@ [UNK] .
The storm rapidly intensified to the east of Taiwan as it developed a well @-@ defined eye , and while doing so passed over the Japanese island of Iriomote @-@ jima at around 2030 UTC on June 17 .
The head measures 1 @.@ 78 metres ( 5 @.@ 8 ft ) high by 1 @.@ 63 metres ( 5 @.@ 3 ft ) wide by 0 @.@ 95 metres ( 3 @.@ 1 ft ) deep and weighs 9 @.@ 4 tons .
Various central cloud and banding features are compared with templates that show typical storm patterns and their associated intensity .
After the season , Kershaw and the Dodgers agreed on a seven @-@ year , $ 215 million , contract extension .
The headstone does not denote any specific details of the death except for its date , and even then only if it is known , and are deliberately ambiguous about the cause of death .
Nero had the marshes of Ostia filled with rubble from the fire .
However , the faults discovered with the Tetrarch cooling system precluded them from being integrated into units that were sent to the Middle East to participate in the North African Campaign .
The geometric cage is a motif that appears as late as his 1985 – 86 masterpiece , Study for a Self @-@ Portrait — Triptych .
The city is also the host to the Feast of the Black Nazarene , held every January 9 , which draws millions of Catholic devotees .
Variety in texture , height and timing of floral display were equally important horticultural considerations .
In [UNK] , India and Egypt , Donald can also pick up chili peppers which increase his temper , eventually temporarily allowing him to become invincible , increase his speed and knock out enemies in his path .
Kinberg died two years later at age 51 .
Choi @-@ wan dropped heavy rainfall while near Japan , peaking at 316 mm ( 12 @.@ 4 in ) on Miyake @-@ jima .
Nero was persuaded to participate in the Olympic Games of 67 in order to improve relations with Greece and display Roman dominance .
The first , who sang and played the cithara or lyre and whose face was similar to that of the dead emperor , appeared in 69 during the reign of Vitellius .
According to the contemporary poet Martial , Nero also held Nerva 's literary abilities in high esteem , hailing him as the " [UNK] of our time " .
[UNK] was the second highest scoring end in the nation in 1948 , and he was a consensus All @-@ American as a senior , being selected as first team on nine of the 11 All @-@ American teams .
Pitching on short rest in Game 4 , he would again be dominant , but again would take the loss after giving up a 3 @-@ run home run to Matt Adams in the 7th inning .
Lesnar was beaten down by Big Show and Angle after the main event , but would get his revenge after the show went off the air .
Lundgren was the first pitcher to win since 1986 .
Stevens is a proponent of using statistical analysis to enhance his coaching decisions , spending almost as much time looking at statistics as watching game film .
For several days , the system remained disorganized while drifting to the west @-@ northwest due to weak steering currents south of the subtropical ridge .
The upper portion of the headdress is decorated with a U @-@ shaped motif .
While paddle steamer warships had been used from the 1830s onwards , steam propulsion only became suitable for major warships after the adoption of the screw propeller in the 1840s .
A famous landmark in [UNK] is the [UNK] Center , a large shopping mall that is a part of the Philippine National Railways ' Main Station .
Expanding to 303 theaters in the United Kingdom , the film ranked first at the box office with $ 1 @.@ 7 million .
A music video for the single was shot in January 2007 and was released online on March 8 , 2007 .
NY 31B continued on , intersecting several local highways before crossing into Onondaga County and terminating at an intersection with NY 5 in the town of Elbridge .
The episode is set in the Victorian era and sees the Doctor ( Matt Smith ) brooding with the assistance of Silurian Madame Vastra ( Neve McIntosh ) , her wife Jenny Flint ( Catrin Stewart ) and Sontaran Strax ( Dan Starkey ) , after the loss of companions Amy Pond and Rory Williams in the previous episode , " The Angels Take Manhattan " .
It is located right beside the Manila City Hall .
Only 45 minutes later North Korean antitank fire came in on the knob and two machine guns from positions northward and higher on the slope of Hill 209 swept the perimeter .
The monument was found 0 @.@ 8 kilometres ( 0 @.@ 50 mi ) southwest of the main mound at San Lorenzo , however , its original location is unknown ; erosion of the gully may have resulted in significant movement of the sculpture .
In early November the catapults were removed from both ships , and they loaded troops and munitions later that month .
Sylvester makes a further direct link between the folds and the transparent veil in Titian 's Portrait of Cardinal Filippo [UNK] .
The ear ornaments are complex and are larger at the front of the ear than at the back .
The company is presided by Arjona and several friends ( including photographer @-@ director Ricardo Calderón , Universal Music México executive Humberto Calderon and BMG 's Miriam Sommerz ) , and is based in Miami and Mexico City .
As such , he chose to attend academically oriented DePauw University for college .
To promote Independiente , Arjona embarked on his Metamorfosis World Tour .
He felt that they were so short that they " didn 't really register " .
Although he remained a supporter of Murdac after 1147 , he did oppose Murdac 's interventions in Selby Abbey , where Murdac had deposed one abbot and appointed another .
The beds around each headstone are planted with a mixture of floribunda roses and herbaceous perennials .
I am dead serious about this .
The face has a typically frowning brow and , unusually , has clearly defined eyelids .
At 22 : 00 , [UNK] and Caldwell and 27 enlisted men slipped off the hill in groups of four .
He carefully put this plan into effect beginning in 1803 – 04 , but implementation was incomplete in 1805 when Karl Mack , Lieutenant Field Marshal and Quartermaster @-@ General of the Army , implemented his own restructuring .
Increasing wind shear weakened the convection , and Parma deteriorated into a severe tropical storm on October 26 .
Also that day , [UNK] passed 95 km ( 60 mi ) west of Iwo Jima , and the JMA estimated peak 10 minute winds of 130 km / h ( 80 mph ) .
In his first year , Stevens led Butler to 30 wins , becoming the third @-@ youngest head coach in NCAA Division I history to have a 30 @-@ win season .
An alternative possibility is that [UNK] was cannibalistic , eating its young like many amphibians do today .
Eric Goldman , writing for IGN , graded the episode a 9 @.@ 0 out of 10 , indicating that it was “ amazing ” .
Frank Sinatra .
The use of iron in the construction of Warrior also came with some drawbacks ; iron hulls required more regular and intensive repairs than wooden hulls , and iron was more susceptible to fouling by marine life .
Contrary to the view here popularized by Cassius Dio , however , Nerva had in fact little choice with regard to his successor .
At the start of the 2007 – 08 season , Stevens was the second youngest coach in Division I basketball .
At the same time the regimental command post moved to the rear of this position .
The storm caused $ 3 million in damage ( 1933 USD ) after damaging or destroying 6 @,@ 848 homes .
Every grave is marked with a headstone .
Buena Vista Social Club ( film ) ( Hollywood & Havana ) .
During the reign of Sultan Bolkiah from 1485 to 1521 , the Bruneian Empire invaded , wanting to take advantage of Tondo 's China trade by attacking its environs and establishing " [UNK] [UNK] Kota [UNK] " ( The Kingdom of [UNK] ) .
Consequently , they expected lighter resistance ; the 24th troops were exhausted from months of fighting but the 2nd Division men were fresh and newly arrived in Korea .
Both the Provisional and Official IRA stepped up attacks after Bloody Sunday , with the tacit support of the residents .
Simultaneously , the cyclone entered the area of responsibility of the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration , which named it Tropical Storm Weng .
The company was formed on 6 December 1980 .
Lesnar returned on the January 28 , 2013 episode of Raw , confronting Vince McMahon who was about to fire Heyman , and Despite Heyman 's pleas , Lesnar hit McMahon with an F @-@ 5 , breaking McMahon 's pelvis in storyline .
During Chad 's greatest era of instability , athletes from the country did not attend the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal , Canada or the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , USSR , although delegations were sent to all other games between 1964 and 2008 .
Instead , these thick stapes may have functioned to support the tissue that covers the otic notch .
I got zero college offers for wrestling .
After the Battle of Manila ( 1898 ) , Spain ceded the surrendered city of Manila to the United States .
In the 1950s , [UNK] hosted a popular panel show called " Let 's Talk Sports " in Buffalo and also pioneered an early morning exercise program .
Sails persisted on ' cruising ironclads ' for much longer .
The Hustler was acknowledged as the sixth best film in the sports genre .
Nero 's mother was Agrippina the Younger , a great @-@ granddaughter of Caesar Augustus and his wife Scribonia through their daughter Julia the Elder and her husband Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa .
After this failure , he went back to traveling , this time around Shandong and Hebei .
Intensification continued and late on April 15 , Kujira reached its peak intensity with winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 930 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 46 inHg ) .
Du Fu is also poorly represented in contemporary anthologies of poetry .
A third prequel , titled " The Battle of Demon 's Run — Two Days Later " was released on the United States iTunes and Amazon Video stores on 25 March 2013 .
One such notable enemy included [UNK] Sabinus , who claimed to be the son of Emperor Caligula .
Devin [UNK] — drums ( 2006 – 2007 ) .
In 1796 Washington appointed him as a commissioner representing the United States to handle maritime claims under the terms the Jay Treaty .
The city , as the capital , still hosts the Office of the President , as well as the president 's official residence .
The German Imperial Navy stipulated that the submarines must be transportable by rail , which imposed a maximum diameter of 3 @.@ 15 metres ( 10 ft 4 in ) .
Nationalists — even those who did not support the IRA — remained bitterly opposed to the army and to the state .
The deficit was partially handled by embassy staff who assisted a few soldiers from the security detail .
The attacks were prompted by a newspaper article about several members of Eugene 's Jewish community , including a lesbian .
She dodged 11 torpedoes and was only hit by a bomb once , on the bulge outboard of the port catapult .
Sánchez Rubio designated Emilio Plazas [UNK] , also a member of Falange , as operations chief of the organisation .
As of 1 December 2015 .
Two heads are on display in the plaza of Santiago Tuxtla ; one from Tres [UNK] and the La [UNK] Head .
The Olmecs are regarded as the first civilization to develop in Mesoamerica and the Olmec heartland is one of six cradles of civilization worldwide , the others being the Norte Chico culture of South America , the [UNK] culture of China 's Yellow River , the Indus Valley Civilization of south Asia , the civilization of ancient Egypt and the Sumerian civilization of ancient Iraq .
It peaked at No. 63 on the Billboard 200 , while its first single , " Bartender " , peaked at No. 23 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at No. 27 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart .
Each barangay has its own chairperson and councilors .
The depression dissipated the next day , causing about [UNK] million ( PHP , $ 145 @,@ 000 USD ) in damage .
According to Bobby Darin 's agent , Martin Baum , Paul Newman 's agent turned down the part of Fast Eddie .
He wrote eighteen poems on painting alone , more than any other Tang poet .
This nondiegetic score is important to creating the narrative stasis in the sequence ; it conveys a moment for Lester that is stretched to an indeterminate length .
Kershaw 's pitching style relies on deception .
They are : [UNK] Industrial Estate ( for wood @-@ based industries ) , [UNK] Industries Estate ( wood @-@ based industries ) , [UNK] Industrial Area ( for medium and light industries ) , [UNK] Light Industrial Estate ( medium and light industries ) , and Bintulu Light Industrial Estate ( light industry ) .
The smallest weigh 6 tons , while the largest is variously estimated to weigh 40 to 50 tons , although it was abandoned and left unfinished close to the source of its stone .
[UNK] remains were known since the early part of the 19th century , however .
This was the first time the Senate elected a Roman Emperor .
Hed PE released their first live album , The D.I.Y. Guys , in 2008 .
While near peak intensity , Maemi was decelerating and began turning to the north @-@ northeast .
Strong winds , rain , and waves caused US $ 230 @,@ 000 ( ¥ 27 @.@ 8 million ) in agricultural damage on Ishigaki Island .
With a population of 114 @,@ 058 as of 2010 , Bintulu is the capital of the Bintulu District of the Bintulu Division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
While developing the script , Ball created another television sitcom , Oh , Grow Up .
After months of not working on the poem , Eliot began to feel compelled to finish it ; it was not until August 1942 , however , that he started working on it again .
Eliot had visited the site in May 1936 .
The weight thus saved from having a high broadside above the waterline was diverted to actual guns and armour .
Hall and Mendes first discussed the intended mood of a scene , but he was allowed to light the shot in any way he felt necessary .
It operates 59 health centers and six city @-@ run hospitals , which are free of charge .
For the second consecutive year , the Bulldogs fell in the national championship game , this time to Connecticut .
In 54 , Agrippina tried to sit down next to Nero while he met with an Armenian envoy , but Seneca stopped her and prevented a scandalous scene ( as it was unimaginable at that time for a woman to be in the same room as men doing official business ) .
Simultaneously it had to send combat patrols to its rear to clear infiltrating North Koreans from Changnyong and from its supply road .
Each house had its own shed projection into the entrance of the river , which was used for the processing of [UNK] palms .
Lesnar then dared any wrestler who disapproved of that notion to challenge him , which was answered by Mark Henry , and a brawl would ensue , ending with Lesnar delivering an F @-@ 5 to Henry .
On January 23 , 2015 , Ellen gave birth to the couple 's first child , daughter Cali Ann .
The loss of Schmitt was a significant blow to the Austrian military organization .
The army moved in in force on 18 August to dismantle the barricades .
Centre @-@ battery ships often , but not always , had a recessed freeboard enabling some of their guns to fire directly ahead .
His observations of the village were recorded as follows : .
A more comprehensive text , presumed to describe the life of Nerva in closer detail , is the Histories , by the contemporary historian Tacitus .
At the request of Andrew 's widow , Sam , Brad delivered the eulogy at the memorial service on January 17 , 2016 .
The system moved northwestward and later turned to the northeast around the subtropical ridge .
Below this frequency , the image impedance is real , .
In July 2013 , he signed a six @-@ year , 22 million dollar contract to become the head coach of the Boston Celtics in the NBA .
During the season , tropical cyclones affected the Philippines , Japan , China , the Korean Peninsula , Indochina , and various islands in the western Pacific .
This unit , designated the Light Tank Squadron , was to be formed of nineteen light tanks and would operate to the fore of the division , using their tanks ' speed to capture objectives and then holding them until relieved by other units .
Since 2006 , the band has become known for its involvement in the 9 / 11 Truth movement , referencing it in many of their song lyrics and concerts , as well as the concept of the album New World Orphans .
These [UNK] were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land .
Retrieved 2007 @-@ 08 @-@ 11 .
On 24 February 2012 , during the Libyan Civil War , an Islamist militia damaged over 200 headstones in the Benghazi war cemetery as well as the central memorial .
The snatch squads soon became a common feature of army arrest operations .
This was also marked his fourth year in a row with a sub @-@ 3 @.@ 00 ERA , making him the first to do this since Randy Johnson from 1999 – 2002 .
[UNK] had no option , for neither [UNK] 's nor [UNK] 's flanking columns were to be seen .
When discovered it was half @-@ buried ; its massive size meant that the discoverers were unable to excavate it completely .
On the second day of the fighting at the pass , the relief force broke through the roadblock with the help of air strikes and artillery and tank fire .
DreamWorks had launched a major campaign for American Beauty five weeks before ballots were due to be sent to the 5 @,@ 600 Academy Award voters .
It is located in Santa Cruz .
In 2008 , Temple Beth Israel participated in Banners Across America , an " interfaith witness against torture coordinated by the National Religious Campaign Against Torture , " as part of the Jewish Campaign Against Torture .
The site , adjacent to the border of Slovenia , was selected to be inaccessible to Yugoslav Air Force raids without violation of Slovene or possibly Austrian airspace .
The convection diminished near the center , causing [UNK] to become extratropical on September 30 .
The mall was the second and by @-@ far , the largest Robinson Mall ever built by John [UNK] .
In total , he cut about 30 minutes from his original edit .
Both Rolling Stone 's Jon Dolan , who praised its effectiveness , and Chris Payne of Billboard , who appreciated the melody , described " Kiss You " as one of the album 's highlights .
The British Army made no attempt to enter the area .
World War II dramatically changed the lives of Gibraltarians .
The ships ' secondary armament consisted of twenty 50 @-@ calibre 14 @-@ centimetre Type 3 .
Continuing southward , NY 93 runs across open , rolling terrain , meeting CR 259 ( Tonawanda Creek Road ) on its way to the hamlet of Swifts Mills .
An ingenious arrangement of cork @-@ filled compartments and watertight bulkheads was intended to keep her stable and afloat in the event of heavy damage to her un @-@ armored sections .
Du Fu 's mother died shortly after he was born , and he was partially raised by his aunt .
Armor may have offered protection from predators in the case of [UNK] .
The most naturalistic Olmec art is the earliest , appearing suddenly without surviving antecedents , with a tendency towards more stylised sculpture as time progressed .
A competing turret design was proposed by the British inventor Cowper Coles with a prototype of this installed on HMS Trusty in 1861 for testing and evaluation purposes .
<formula> .
Gore was involved in a variety of charitable causes , and was a major benefactor of Harvard College , where the first library was named in his honor .
This force was unable to reach C Company , but Jenson collected stragglers from it and seized high ground astride this main approach to Changnyong near [UNK] 'o @-@ ri above Lake [UNK] , and went into a defensive position there .
Best was a 19 @-@ year @-@ old local man who was home on leave from the British Army at his parents ' house in the [UNK] .
[UNK] Beccari , an Italian botanist , visited Bintulu in 1867 .
[UNK] refused to act against Nero , but the discontent of the legions of Germany and the continued opposition of Galba in Spain did not bode well for him .
The practice of collecting the heads was known as " [UNK] [UNK] " ( picking heads ) in the local native language .
In the early hours of the following morning , 5 January , members of the RUC charged into St. [UNK] 's Wells and Lecky Road in the [UNK] , breaking windows and beating residents .
The Heart of Ezra Greer is a 1917 American silent drama film produced by the Thanhouser Company and directed by Emile [UNK] .
Indeed , Francis was so pleased with the outcome at Dürenstein that he awarded Kutuzov the Military Order of Maria Theresa .
The Burnhams ' new neighbors are retired United States Marine Corps Colonel Frank Fitts and his near @-@ catatonic wife , Barbara .
A number of attacks were also carried out by Spanish and Gibraltarian agents acting on behalf of the German Abwehr .
On September 1 that division reported that 110 men of C Company had come into its lines .
The hills on both sides of B Company were already under attack as was also Hill 311 , a rugged terrain feature a 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) from the river and the North Koreans ' principal immediate objective .
Belly @-@ to @-@ back , sometimes to two opponents at once .
In that opening day start he pitched a complete game , four hit , shutout over the Giants and also hit his first career home run .
Due to concerns over potential [UNK] it was instead installed outside the police station .
Kimura lock – 2012 – present .
The Hustler was a major critical and popular success , gaining a reputation as a modern classic .
With other turn @-@ of @-@ the @-@ millennium films such as Fight Club , In the Company of Men ( 1997 ) , American Psycho ( 2000 ) , and Boys Don 't Cry ( 1999 ) , American Beauty " raises the broader , widely explored issue of masculinity in crisis " .
Unfortunately , a substantial part of the work has been lost , with only the first five books covering the Year of the Four Emperors remaining .
Precipitation peaked at 723 mm ( 28 @.@ 5 in ) near Dagupan .
Of his poetic writing , nearly fifteen hundred poems have been preserved over the ages .
At 14 : 00 a tank @-@ infantry patrol was sent down the road , but it reported that an estimated North Korean battalion held the mountain pass just eastward of the battalion 's defense perimeter .
" We are extremely excited to reach this long @-@ term agreement to have Brad continue to lead our program , " Collier remarked .
The presence of three individuals in one block of sandstone shows that the [UNK] were gregarious .
In the late 1920s the fire @-@ control systems were upgraded and additional platforms were added to the foremast to accommodate them .
The city has 896 barangays that are known by sequential numbers instead of names .
The First Philippine Republic based at nearby Bulacan fought against the Americans for control of the city of Manila .
Geological formation from the Oligocene period is found in the inland area , which contains limestone , siltstone , and sandstone .
The unsuitability of unarmored iron for warship hulls meant that iron was only adopted as a building material for battleships when protected by armor .
After the game , his parents told him that a Manchester United scout had been watching him and that he had been invited for trials .
It is also the image impedance of the section at resonance , in the case of band @-@ pass filters , or at ω = 0 in the case of low @-@ pass filters .
In February 1942 , the Short Empires operated by Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons were transferred to the newly formed No. 33 ( Transport ) Squadron .
It was the first home run Kershaw had allowed in his career to a left @-@ handed batter off his curveball .
Even though its offensive strength was largely spent by September 9 , the division continued to harass rear areas around Changnyong with infiltrating groups as large as companies .
Similarly , he deals with the allusion of the later works by combining literal translation with extensive annotation .
The size of this complex is debated ( from 100 to 300 acres ) .
The map leads to the location of the king 's most prized possession , hidden in a secret place shortly before his death .
The single made its Irish Singles Chart debut at number 24 on the week ending 13 December 2012 .
The [UNK] plant is operated by Cipta [UNK] Sdn Bhd .
According to Cassius Dio , however , the Guard prefect responsible for the mutiny against Nerva , Casperius Aelianus , was ' dismissed ' upon Trajan 's accession .
While approaching northern Luzon on October 29 , [UNK] quickly intensified as the initial eye feature organized into a well @-@ defined eye .
In 2008 , Dodd was the Australian national Grade IV para @-@ equestrian champion .
A.J. Ellis describes his preparation and perfectionism during bullpens before each start : .
In 1982 , Operation California sent " the first private airlift from the U.S. to Poland " , delivering 200 @,@ 000 [UNK] of medical supplies and medicine ; that year Operation California also airlifted medical supplies to Lebanon .
B Company lost heavily in this action .
Kujira developed from a broad area of disturbed weather as a tropical depression on April 9 well removed from any landmasses .
Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Just beforehand , the British fleet had destroyed a number of French warships at Mers el @-@ Kebir in order to prevent them ending up in German hands .
The album was recorded and produced in several cities in the United States and Mexico .
The direct ancestors of Nerva on his father 's side , all named Marcus Cocceius Nerva , were associated with imperial circles since the time of Emperor Augustus ( 27 BC – AD 14 ) .
Monument 3 was located a few metres to the east of Monument 2 , but was moved to the Parque @-@ Museo La Venta in Villahermosa .
That evening , North Koreans strongly attacked the 3rd Battalion , 38th Infantry , on Hill 209 north of the road and opposite 1st Battalion , driving one company from its position .
30 buildings are already identified to be converted into BPO offices .
A subtropical ridge near Okinawa steered the nascent depression to the west @-@ northwest for much of its duration .
Given that Gibraltar was a small town with only a few defences protecting it , the solution was to build a massive series of tunnels and chambers inside the natural protection of the Rock of Gibraltar .
The unit drew personnel from the special police forces and a former French Foreign Legion troops serving as its core .
[UNK] Bridge crosses the [UNK] River .
In the middle of September , the monsoon trough spawned a rapidly organizing disturbance east @-@ northeast of Luzon , with weak wind shear and favorable conditions .
The pre @-@ war role of the light tank , that of reconnaissance , meanwhile had been found to be better suited to scout cars that used smaller crews and had better cross @-@ country abilities .
The house in which Captain von [UNK] lived was marked with a bronze plate commemorating his contribution to the battle .
Earlier aquatic tetrapods and tetrapod ancestors differ from [UNK] like [UNK] in that their skulls were also built to withstand tension .
BPA is currently responsible for regulatory exercises and security of the port .
In the middle of October , an area of convection persisted along the monsoon trough between Luzon and Guam , developing into a tropical depression on October 17 .
He was supported by the Parthians , who only reluctantly gave him up , and the matter almost came to war .
The medical officer of the NK 17th Regiment , 2nd Division , captured a few days later , said that the division evacuated about 300 men nightly to a hospital in Pugong @-@ ni , and that in the first two weeks of September the 2nd Division lost 1 @,@ 300 killed and 2 @,@ 500 wounded in the fighting west of Changnyong .
The regional terrain offers significant obstacles such as swamps and floodplains ; avoiding these would have necessitated crossing undulating hill country .
It constructed its first building on Portland Street in 1952 , and occupied its current LEED @-@ compliant facilities in 2008 .
The erratic and slow movement of Linfa off the western Philippines was the catalyst for extreme rainfall and flooding , killing 41 persons in the archipelago .
The aircraft climbed normally from the runway , levelled off to gather speed but then suddenly lost height and crashed into the harbour .
Butler 's success against teams with superior athletes has been attributed to Stevens ' coaching style and calm demeanor .
Steered by the same nearby subtropical ridge , [UNK] would continue to track towards the northeast into a less favorable tropical cyclone environment .
The unit was based in the village of Kumrovec in the region of Hrvatsko Zagorje , on the grounds of the former " Josip Broz Tito " political school .
Two fastballs inside , two fastballs away , two changeups , one fastball inside , two curveballs , one fastball inside , two sliders .
World MMA Awards .
Wooden hulls continued to be used for long @-@ range and smaller ironclads , because iron nevertheless had a significant disadvantage .
While the termini of NY 93 have remained the same to this day , several portions of the route have been realigned since that time .
Claudius had married twice before marrying Valeria [UNK] .
In previous years , many of the teams had played their home games at multiple venues .
Similarly , stands of A. [UNK] in Bahia , Brazil ( which are cultivated for [UNK] fibre ) are managed using fire — the seedlings survive cutting and burning , and are able to dominate burned forest patches .
It was the second most devastated city in the world after Warsaw during the Second World War .
Beyond Borders ( Hollywood ) .
Jane and Ricky bond over what Ricky considers the most beautiful imagery he has filmed : a plastic bag being blown in the wind .
[UNK] has a structure in the inner ear called the [UNK] duct , which is also seen in frogs and is associated with hearing .
Jim and Jim were deliberately depicted as the most normal , happy — and boring — couple in the film .
After [UNK] 's term in the 1950s , Manila was led by Antonio Villegas for most of the 1960s .
In the 1948 championship season , [UNK] scored eight touchdowns , caught 22 passes , and gained 610 yards ( 508 receiving and 102 rushing ) .
By the end of filming , the script had been through 10 drafts .
It once held the Guinness World Record of nearest airport to town .
For weakening systems , the CI is held as the tropical cyclone intensity for 12 hours , though research from the National Hurricane Center indicates that six hours is more reasonable .
After a Requiem Mass , the bodies were carried in procession to the H.M. Dockyard with full Military Honours to be shipped to London in anticipation that General Sikorski 's remains would one day be returned to a liberated Poland .
Another group formed as a result of the events of 5 October was People 's Democracy , a group of students in Queen 's University Belfast .
Rudyard Kipling was appointed literary advisor for the language used for memorial inscriptions .
" My racism is a parody of yours , a hungry imitation . " .
" Kiss You " – 3 : 04 .
It had thicker armour than the Tetrarch , with the front hull and turret armour increased to a thickness of 38 millimetres ( 1 @.@ 5 in ) and the side armour to 17 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 67 in ) , and the turret and hull given more sloped surfaces to help deflect shells fired at the tank .
To consolidate power , Nero executed a number of people in 62 and 63 including his rivals Pallas , [UNK] Plautus and Faustus Sulla .
A series of pitched battles followed , and barricades were built , often under the supervision of Bernadette Devlin , newly elected MP for Mid Ulster .
To this end , the Royal Navy developed a series of ' coast @-@ defence battleships ' , starting with the Devastation class .
The area , which included the [UNK] and [UNK] neighbourhoods , was secured by community activists for the first time on 5 January 1969 following an incursion into the [UNK] by members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) .
The origins of Imagism are to be found in two poems , Autumn and A City Sunset by T. E. Hulme .
Thousands attended his funeral , and the mood was sufficiently angry that it was clear the annual Apprentice Boys ' parade , scheduled for 12 August , could not take place without causing serious disturbance .
The mansion was saved from demolition by the Gore Place Society ( established for the purpose of preserving it ) , which now operates it as a museum .
A number of older residents can still speak basic Spanish , which used to be a mandatory subject in the curriculum of Philippine universities and colleges , and many children of Japanese Filipino , Indian Filipino , and other migrants or expatriates also speak their parents ' languages at home , aside from English and / or Filipino for everyday use .
After Murdac 's death in 1153 , Osbert tried to prevent the return of fitzHerbert , but these attempts were unsuccessful .
The cause of the plane crash was not known .
On Grand Bahama , where a 9 to 12 ft ( 2 @.@ 7 to 3 @.@ 7 m ) storm surge was reported , half of the houses were destroyed , as were 13 boats and two planes , and most docks were wrecked .
Bonnie Raitt .
Bush plum dreaming represents a plant of the central Australian desert which is " a source of physical and spiritual sustenance , reminding [ the local Indigenous people ] of the sacredness of [ their ] country " .
Manila is also the site of the Philippine General Hospital , the tertiary state @-@ owned hospital administered and operated by the University of the Philippines Manila .
It sold for A $ 22 @,@ 000 .
The era of the wooden steam ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line was brief , because of new , more powerful naval guns .
" It ’ s so much fun to dream in your driveway , " he later remarked .
Head 3 has been moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
Inflexible 's armor protection was largely limited to the central citadel amidships , protecting boilers and engines , turrets and magazines , and little else .
From Cambria to Lockport 's eastern suburbs , the highway originally used NY 425 , Lower Mountain Road , Akron Road , and a series of streets in Lockport .
Because of this , Lesnar attacked Ambrose in the parking lot as he was arriving at the arena for Raw , but Ambrose would return later in the night , having hijacked an ambulance , and he challenged Lesnar to a No Holds Barred Street Fight match at WrestleMania 32 , where Lesnar defeated Ambrose .
It weighs 19 @.@ 8 tons .
Around this time , the American Imagist Amy Lowell moved to London , determined to promote her own work and that of the other Imagist poets .
Steiner wrote The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. in 1975 and 1976 in Geneva , Switzerland , and the 120 @-@ page work originally appeared in the Spring 1979 issue of the United States literary magazine , The Kenyon Review .
Roger Ebert , echoing earlier praise for the performances , direction , and cinematography and adding laurels for editor Dede Allen , cites the film as " one of those films where scenes have such psychic weight that they grow in our memories . " He further cites Fast Eddie Felson as one of " only a handful of movie characters so real that the audience refers to them as touchstones . " TV Guide calls the film a " dark stunner " offering " a grim world whose only bright spot is the top of the pool table , yet [ with ] characters [ who ] maintain a shabby nobility and grace . " The four leads are again lavishly praised for their performances and the film is summed up as " not to be missed . " .
They were the first known fossils of amphibian eggs .
[UNK] stars Donald Duck and his three nephews , Huey , Dewey , and Louie , as treasure @-@ hunters , and is part of a series of games published by Sega that were based on Walt Disney cartoon characters .
During spring training in a game against the Boston Red Sox , Kershaw gained much attention for throwing a curveball to Sean Casey that started behind Casey but at the end looped into the strike zone and struck him out looking .
The incident is also recorded by Tacitus .
Soft tissue , such as scales and external gills , were found in many well @-@ preserved [UNK] fossils from Germany .
It is at the entrance to Southgate Street .
Spanish rule of Manila and the entire Philippine archipelago lasted for over three centuries , until 1898 .
The division sailed for Singapore on 30 December and Vice Admiral Kiyohide Shima transferred his flag to the light cruiser Ōyodo on arrival there the following day .
Concentrating guns amidships meant the ship could be shorter and [UNK] than a broadside type .
A variety of styles have been used in efforts to translate Du Fu 's work into English .
Flood damage was worst in Kōchi and Tokushima Prefectures , where several buildings were destroyed by floodwater .
In 64 AD .
Bacon said that chance played a significant role in his work , and that he often approached a canvas without having a clear idea of what might emerge .
In many respects , the turreted , low @-@ freeboard Monitor and the broadside sailer HMS Warrior represented two opposite extremes in what an ' Ironclad ' was all about .
He arrived in Gibraltar on 5 November 1942 to take over , not just command of Operation Torch itself , but also military command of Gibraltar .
Information about the landing beaches , the defences possessed by the port , and the Vichy French defending forces was limited and vague , although it was believed that the defenders had no weapons capable of penetrating the armour of a Valentine tank .
A Company , 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , moved to the south side of the Yongsan @-@ Naktong River road ; D Company of the 2nd Engineer Battalion was on the north side of the road .
Osbert attempted to have the trial switched to an ecclesiastical court and was supported in his efforts by Archbishop Theobald of Canterbury .
It peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart on 26 January 2013 , becoming One Direction 's sixth top ten hit in the United Kingdom .
Lesnar would then face Randy Couture for the UFC Heavyweight Championship at UFC 91 on November 15 .
Hyūga was a primary focus of the attack and she received 10 direct hits and up to 30 near misses .
The Iban villagers paid the bus driver with " vegetables , chickens , bamboo shoots , and other items " .
Williams , who was based in the United States , had not participated in any of the discussions of the Eiffel Tower group .
The Sibylline Oracles , Book 5 and 8 , written in the 2nd century , speak of Nero returning and bringing destruction .
He shared the NL player of the week honors with his teammate Zack Greinke for the week of July 13 – 19 and won NL pitcher of the month for July .
This was the only excursion outside the embassy by the security detail .
In its original broadcast , “ Weevils Wobble But They Don ’ t Go Down ” received 1 @.@ 78 million viewers , ranking 77th of 85 in the weekly rankings .
He wanted the Air Force to isolate the battlefield and prevent further North Korean reinforcements and supplies from moving across the river in support of the North Korean spearhead units .
Radio Times reviewer Patrick Mulkern was pleased with the return of the Great Intelligence despite an inconsistency in the timeline he found , and praised the " lovely images " and direction of the special , though he felt the variation of the theme music " lacks the menace " of the original .
Subsequently , it weakened and made landfall at Jupiter , Florida , early on September 4 with winds of 125 mph ( 201 km / h ) .
In 2006 , Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts .
The spools have the form of a rounded square with a circular sunken central portion .
Police drove rioters into the [UNK] , but did not come after them .
Chad is a landlocked country in Africa whose northern region lies within the eastern reaches of the Sahara Desert and whose southern region lies within the eastern portion of the Sahel .
Plans for the Allied counter offensive after the attack on Pearl Harbor were ongoing by mid @-@ 1942 .
In the beginning of 66 , he married [UNK] [UNK] .
The front of the headdress above the horizontal band is plain .
He sold his shares in the Massachusetts bank , and became a director of the Boston branch of the U.S. Bank .
When NY 93 was first assigned , it turned south at the hamlet of North Ridge and overlapped with NY 425 along Cambria – Wilson Road to Lower Mountain Road , then part of NY 3 .
He also became the second fastest wrestler to win the WWE Championship since his debut ( 126 days ) behind only Ric Flair ( 113 days ) .
On October 26 , [UNK] became extratropical to the east of Japan and dissipated the next day .
There are over 150 stalls selling a variety of items such as garments , electric goods , vegetables , fruits , food and drinks .
Some North Koreans worked their way close to the perimeter and threw grenades into it .
On 1 August , before leaving the US to take up his post in Mogadishu , Ambassador Bishop visited United States Central Command — the military command for the Middle East and northeast Africa — where he spent most of the day with its commander , Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf .
The damaged dam near Tampa initially resulted in waters from the Hillsborough River being pumped into the city 's water treatment plant , and a new dam was eventually built in 1944 .
[UNK] and other early tetrapods have rounded otic notches in the back of the skull that project into the cheek region .
Kirby 's spherical shape lent itself towards ball @-@ like roles .
Following renovations completed on 21 May 2000 , the hospital is now equipped with 200 beds .
Some sites along Shackleton 's rim receive almost constant illumination .
Du Fu 's poetry has made a profound impact on Japanese literature , especially on the literature from the Muromachi period and on scholars and poets in the Edo period , including Matsuo Bashō , the very greatest of all haiku poets .
Some Blockbuster stores only displayed 60 copies , and others did not display the film at all , forcing customers to ask for it .
On July 15 , Lesnar was notified of a potential anti @-@ doping policy violation by the United States Anti @-@ Doping Agency ( USADA ) stemming from an undisclosed banned substance in an out @-@ of @-@ competition sample collected on June 28 .
<formula> .
In the meantime , Task Force Manchu was still holding its position along the Naktong River , about 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) north of where A Company had been destroyed on the southern end of the line .
The Senate convinced him this action would bankrupt the public treasury .
The Senate ruled that [UNK] , a praetor , should be put to death for speaking ill of Nero at a party .
Suetonius by contrast does not mention Nerva , but he may have omitted his role out of [UNK] .
Pickwood stated that his favourite set is the London Street with the back of the pub , which he said was based on a sixteenth @-@ century building in Oxford .
Although Gore was hostile to French policy , he was on friendly terms with individual Frenchmen : he hosted the future French statesman Talleyrand when he visited the U.S. .
Britain stuck to compound armor until 1889 .
Two games during the season had to be postponed because of poor weather .
The rushed planning effort — which had been assigned the name " Project 34 " — resulted in the Type UB I design , created specifically for operation from Flanders .
Support for the IRA increased further after Bloody Sunday in January 1972 , when thirteen unarmed men and boys were shot dead by the British Army 's Parachute Regiment at a march in the [UNK] ( a 14th man was wounded and died 4 ½ months later ) .
It was a member of the Community of Welcoming Congregations , " an Oregon and SW Washington interfaith ministry and advocacy organization working toward full inclusion and equality for transgender , lesbian , bisexual , gay and questioning persons . " The rabbis were Yitzhak Husbands @-@ Hankin and Boris Dolin .
This ferry was located at the middle of the Naktong Bulge where the Yongsan road came down to the Naktong and crossed it .
Tropical activity once again declined towards the second half of June and first half of July .
On November 14 , at the UFC 105 post @-@ fight conference , Dana White stated , " [ Lesnar ] ' s not well and he 's not going to be getting well anytime soon " and that an interim title match might need to be set up .
This lack of sufficient replacement reserves , combined with a War Office report that some 287 airborne tanks would be required for the 1st Airborne Division and an unnamed airborne division to be formed in India , led to the Tetrarch 's eventual replacement by the US M22 Locust .
' C ' Squadron suffered heavy casualties during the invasion ; only one Valentine and three Tetrarchs out of twelve tanks were functional by 7 May , and the squadron had suffered seven killed and six wounded .
He is a member of the National Rifle Association , and made an appearance at their annual meeting in May 2011 to discuss his passion for hunting and his role as a spokesman for Fusion Ammunition .
The company held its positions only a short time and then attempted to escape .
He pitched six @-@ plus shutout innings , allowing four hits , a walk , and he struck out five .
The shooting script features a scene in Angela 's car in which Ricky and Jane talk about death and beauty ; the scene differed from earlier versions , which set it as a " big scene on a freeway " in which the three witness a car crash and see a dead body .
On April 24 , WWE announced on WWE.com that both parties had reached a settlement .
In an interview with MTV in 2006 , vocalist Corey Taylor said that Come What ( ever ) May was a return to the roots of the band , stating it is " a lot more from the spirit of what the band started with in 1992 . " Noting how some songs were " very atmospheric , " while others maintained " the hard rock and the heavy stuff . " Jon Wiederhorn of MTV said that " for every thrash riff there 's a [UNK] grungy passage , for every flailing guitar line there 's a rock @-@ radio hook . " When talking about the track " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " , he said parts are " bludgeoning , barbed and heavy , " while others are " soaring and triumphant , " with the production of Raskulinecz helping balance the album 's heaviness with its radio @-@ accessibility .
He was then called up to the majors on May 28 , 2008 , but optioned back to Jacksonville on July 2 .
The massive North Korean attack had made deep penetrations everywhere in the division sector except in the north in the zone of the 38th Infantry .
Following the departure of Ben Foster from Manchester United to Birmingham City , United manager Alex Ferguson declared that Amos would be Manchester United 's third @-@ choice goalkeeper for the 2010 – 11 season behind Edwin van der Sar and Tomasz [UNK] .
Horizon League Coach of the Year ( 2009 , 2010 ) .
Five battle groupings were ordered .
While most [UNK] are aquatic in early stages of life , most [UNK] appear to have been terrestrial in their juvenile stage .
Gorilla press slam .
The North Koreans quickly discovered Task Force Manchu group .
To accomplish his goal , Kershaw pledged a donation of $ 100 per strikeout recorded in 2011 .
Heavier guns to penetrate ever @-@ thicker armor meant that fewer guns could be carried .
Shackleton is an impact crater that lies at the south pole of the Moon .
Kirby 's Block Ball is a 1995 action video game , a spin @-@ off from the Kirby series for the Game Boy portable console .
They had a metacentric height of 1 @.@ 737 metres ( 5 ft 8 @.@ 4 in ) at deep load .
[UNK] have several primitive or plesiomorphic features , including a single occipital condyle and a bone called the [UNK] that is absent in other [UNK] .
Tacitus , though , describes a more complicated political environment .
Augustine of Hippo wrote of the legend as a popular belief in 422 .
In 1984 , the broadcaster Melvyn Bragg asked Bacon about the still , and observed that in his earlier career the artist seemed preoccupied with the physicality of the human mouth .
The face has pronounced creases around the nose , mouth and eyes .
Samuel [UNK] suffered a heart attack four days after his beating .
The listing stated that the work " ... has come to represent Manhattan 's telescoped perception of the country beyond the Hudson River . The cartoon showed the supposed limited mental geography of [UNK] . " .
His declining health and lack of social scene in Waltham led him in 1822 to return to Boston in the winters .
According to Tacitus , Agrippina hoped that with her support , Britannicus , being the blood son of Claudius , would be seen as the true heir to the throne by the state over Nero .
This is produced by a filter half @-@ section with inductance L .
Kouma was wounded and the other three vehicles had to withdraw , but he held the Agok site until 07 : 30 the next morning with his single tank .
Ball felt that Mendes liked to look under the story 's surface , a talent he felt would be a good fit with the themes of American Beauty .
In addition to this , some levels provide the player with vital clues which solve puzzles needed to progress in later sections .
His first fight was scheduled against Choi Hong @-@ man of Korea on June 2 , 2007 , at the K @-@ 1 Dynamite ! ! USA show .
While he felt that Grant and McKellen were underused , he was very positive towards Coleman 's " unpredictable " Clara .
The most dramatic attempt to compromise these two extremes , or ' squaring this circle ' , was designed by Captain Cowper Phipps Coles : HMS Captain , a dangerously low freeboard turret ship which nevertheless carried a full rig of sail , and which subsequently capsized not long after her launch in 1870 .
Only a few hundred from each division returned to North Korea after the fight .
It is one of the finest examples of an Olmec colossal head .
The first single from Independiente is " El Amor " , released on 23 August 2011 .
Numbered one through six from front to rear , each turret weighed 655 long tons ( 666 t ) .
High rainfall caused flooding across Florida , notably near Tampa where waters reached 9 ft ( 2 @.@ 7 m ) deep .
William Carlos Williams was another who had a strong effect on the Beat poets , encouraging poets like Lew Welch and writing an introduction for the book publication of Ginsberg 's Howl ( 1955 ) .
The riot following the Officials ' Easter parade in March 1970 marked the first time that the army used ' snatch squads ' , who rushed into the [UNK] wielding batons to make arrests .
Hyūga was lightly damaged by near misses that rupture some hull plating in her bulge and pepper her superstructure with splinters .
On 8 July 1978 , the Bintulu Development Authority ( BDA ) was established by the Sarawak state government for infrastructure development and to promote industrial investment in the area .
The illustration — humorously depicting New Yorkers ' self @-@ image of their place in the world , or perhaps outsiders ' view of New Yorkers ' self @-@ image — inspired many similar works , including the poster for the 1984 film Moscow on the Hudson ; that movie poster led to a lawsuit , Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries , Inc .
Nero devalued the Roman currency for the first time in the Empire 's history .
Since then the area has been extensively redeveloped , with modern housing replacing the old houses and flats .
As the technique matured through the 1970s and 1980s , measurement of cloud features became dominant in defining tropical cyclone intensity and central pressure of the tropical cyclone 's low @-@ pressure area .
Nerva was succeeded without incident by his adopted son Trajan , who was greeted by the Roman populace with much enthusiasm .
After the First Battle of Naktong Bulge , the US Army 's 2nd Infantry Division was moved to defend the Naktong River line .
The head was associated with a number of ceramic finds ; they have been dated to the Early Preclassic and Late Classic periods .
Released in North America on September 17 , 1999 , American Beauty was positively received by critics and audiences ; it was the best @-@ reviewed American film of the year and grossed over $ 356 million worldwide .
In 310 , Lactantius wrote that Nero " suddenly disappeared , and even the burial place of that noxious wild beast was nowhere to be seen . This has led some persons of extravagant imagination to suppose that , having been conveyed to a distant region , he is still reserved alive ; and to him they apply the Sibylline verses " , Lactantius maintains that it is not right to believe this .
The IJN continued to develop its strength and commissioned a number of warships from British and European shipyards , first ironclads and later armored cruisers .
In the decades since its release , The Hustler has cemented its reputation as a classic .
The system intensified gradually as it tracked quickly westward toward the Philippines .
This problem is complicated by the fact that many of these species are poorly represented in herbarium collections .
In addition there were 9 @,@ 000 – 10 @,@ 000 regionally organised reserve police .
Spacey was surprised ; he said , " I usually play characters who are very quick , very manipulative and smart . [ ... ] I usually wade in dark , sort of treacherous waters . This is a man living one step at a time , playing by his instincts . This is actually much closer to me , to what I am , than those other parts . " Mendes offered Bening the role of Carolyn without the studio 's consent ; although executives were upset at Mendes , by September 1998 , DreamWorks had entered negotiations with Spacey and Bening .
The slightly longer Germaniawerft boats displaced 142 tonnes ( 140 long tons ) while submerged , as they weighed 1 tonne ( 0 @.@ 98 long tons ) more than the Weser boats .
Nero was adopted by his grand @-@ uncle Claudius to become his heir and successor , and succeeded to the throne in 54 following Claudius ' death .
San Francisco , California .
It was defended by armed paramilitaries — a no @-@ go area , one in which British security forces were unable to operate .
Most of the North Korean units began conducting delaying actions attempting to get as much of their army as possible into North Korea .
The machine gun fire forced every man to stay in his foxhole .
The Praetorians considered these measures insufficient , however , and demanded the execution of Domitian 's assassins , which Nerva refused .
He wrote , " so that in saying , ' For the mystery of iniquity doth already work , ' he alluded to Nero , whose deeds already seemed to be as the deeds of Antichrist . " .
Critics praised the song for its production , calling it a stand @-@ out track on Take Me Home .
It was also staged in Hartford , Connecticut in the United States in 1983 and starred John Cullum as Hitler .
It is also dubbed as the shopping mecca of the Philippines where everything is sold at bargain price .
In the late nineteenth century , José [UNK] y Serrano described a colossal head as having " Ethiopian " features and speculations that the Olmec had African origins resurfaced in 1960 in the work of Alfonso Medellín [UNK] and in the 1970s in the writings of Ivan van [UNK] .
There are doubts among scientists as to whether or not the hydrogen is in the form of ice , as well as to the concentration of this " ore " with depth below the surface .
The events of The Web of Fear are alluded to by the Doctor in " The Snowmen " when he presents the London Underground biscuit tin to the Great Intelligence in Dr Simeon 's laboratory ; the Intelligence states , " I do not understand these markings " , in reference to the 1967 London Underground map design on the tin .
As of the end of 2008 , the highest recorded auction price for an item of [UNK] 's work was $ 22 @,@ 800 , set in May 2007 .
In 1894 , the German firm Krupp developed gas cementing , which further hardened steel armor .
Time Square Mall is currently under development in Bintulu , with [UNK] as the anchor tenant .
It was the battle in which the North Koreans made the most substantial gains , splitting the US 2nd Infantry Division in half and briefly capturing Yongsan , where they were very close to breaching through to the US forces ' supply lines and threatening other divisions ' rear areas .
The lessening of the war threat , and the choice by the Republicans of the popular Elbridge Gerry as their candidate brought a challenge to Federalist control of Massachusetts in the 1810 elections .
The congregation initially worshipped in a converted house on West Eighth Street .
