Royal Rumble ( 2003 )
The Ise @-@ class ships were selected for the conversion because Hyūga had suffered an explosion in Turret No.
He finds Sarah again and this time she takes him in , but with reservations .
Allmusic 's Jason D. Taylor wrote : " Broke may have not found as much success in the competitive mainstream market as some would have liked , and even despite its distinct departure from the group 's debut , it is an album that shows more vision than other rap @-@ tinged rock albums to come out in 2000 . "
Members of [UNK] , such as [UNK] and [UNK] , had [UNK] vertebrae with enlarged [UNK] that displaced the [UNK] .
Head VI is an oil @-@ on @-@ canvas painting by the Irish @-@ born English figurative artist Francis Bacon , the last of six panels making up his " 1949 Head " series .
Murison concludes that Nerva 's real talents were in fact ill @-@ suited to the emperorship :
Ironclads were still being built with wooden hulls into the 1870s .
It is exceptional in Bacon 's oeuvre that works of their relative poor quality survive ; he was ruthlessly self @-@ critical and often slashed or abandoned canvasses before they were completed .
While producing the latter , he had used fewer instruments to simplify his sound , having introduced what had been called a " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " in his music .
@ 7 million ( equivalent to $ 13 @.
It seems trapped and isolated within the outlines of an abstract three @-@ dimensional glass cage .
He praised the presence of the majority of the main cast members , also stating that Dick ’ s reaction to dealing with his brother was realistic for him and in character .
While the storm was near peak intensity on September 3 , the Weather Bureau issued hurricane warnings from Miami to Melbourne , Florida , with storm warnings extending northward to Jacksonville .
This revolt was eventually put down in 70 , after Nero 's death .
Rear naked choke
He made his debut against Swindon Town the next day and kept a clean sheet .
It marks Arjona 's first music video taken from a live performance .
The Derry [UNK] had little contact with the IRA elsewhere .
Tropical activity was enhanced from May to June , and during this period the JMA monitored four tropical storms , while the PAGASA monitored a fifth storm off the eastern Philippines .
Since then , there had been many seminars on Du Fu 's poetry both in Zen temples and in the aristocratic society , and as a result his poetry was often cited in Japanese literature in the Muromachi period , e.g.
A neutron spectrometer on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft detected enhanced concentrations of hydrogen close to the northern and southern lunar poles , including the crater Shackleton .
Clara cautions the Doctor that if he wipes her memory , she will forget how to deal with the snowmen .
" Kiss You " is a song recorded by English @-@ Irish boy band One Direction for their second studio album , Take Me Home ( 2012 ) .
However , atmospheric conditions began to deteriorate as Koni made landfall on Hainan on July 21 , weakening the system .
Rioting broke out after the rally .
Kershaw was promoted to the Great Lakes Loons in 2007 , where he recorded a record of 7 – 5 with a 2 @.
The American counteroffensive of September 3 – 5 west of Yongsan , according to prisoner statements , resulted in one of the bloodiest debacles of the war for a North Korean division .
Nerva , Marcus Cocceius " .
DreamWorks financed the $ 15 million production and served as its North American distributor .
Corbulo tried to convince Nero to continue the war , but Nero opted for a peace deal instead .
SM UB @-@ 10
Even before the arrival of Mortier 's courier , he heard the sound of artillery in the distance and sent riders ahead to discover the cause .
The Doctor remarks that the Underground is a " key strategic weakness in metropolitan living " , referring to ( and possibly setting in motion ) the future Yeti attack on London via the Underground .
This is generally not implemented for tropical depressions or weak tropical storms .
Ironclads remained , for the British Royal Navy , a matter of defending the British Isles first and projecting power abroad second .
On September 1 the regiment ordered it to withdraw to the Changnyong area .
Major destinations include the walled city of Intramuros , the National Theater at the Cultural Center of the Philippines , Manila Ocean Park , Binondo , Ermita , Malate , Manila Zoo , National Museum of the Philippines and Rizal Park .
Although Crichton was unable to obtain permission to clean and restock his ships ( and contrary to British Admiralty orders which forbade the taking on of evacuees ) , when he saw the mass of civilians pouring through the dockyards , he opened up his gangways for boarding .
Newman was originally unavailable to play Fast Eddie regardless , being committed to star opposite Elizabeth Taylor in the film Two for the Seesaw .
Free Derry ( Irish : [UNK] [UNK] ) was a self @-@ declared autonomous nationalist area of Derry , Northern Ireland , that existed between 1969 and 1972 .
On 12 January 2009 , at least three people , including two Mexicans and one American , entered the Parque @-@ Museo La Venta in Villahermosa and damaged just under 30 archaeological pieces , including the four La Venta colossal heads .
Tracy works as a labor and employment lawyer .
In addition , many important collections , including type specimen , have been lost or destroyed .
Although many rebels were ultimately convicted , a large number received amnesty .
( The fiddle was not invented until the 10th century . )
The new title sequence features a brief glimpse of the Doctor 's face , the first time since Survival , the final serial of the classic series in 1989 , that the Doctor 's face has been seen in the title sequence .
Stragglers from this position continued to stream in the next few days as well .
The team would then wire back all shipping movements to the British Admiralty .
Two heads are on display in the plaza of Santiago Tuxtla ; one from Tres [UNK] and the La [UNK] Head .
In the 1950s , major economic activities in Bintulu were the timber extraction industry , fishing , and [UNK] processing .
She finished first at the March 2009 inter @-@ schools cup at the St Ives Showground , and second at the 2009 Australian national championships , but her horse , Lucifer 's Dream , was injured in 2009 .
It has subsequently been reissued in several box set compilations , most recently alongside the Christmas specials between " The Christmas Invasion " and " Last Christmas " inclusive in a boxset titled Doctor Who – The 10 Christmas Specials on 19 October 2015 .
All three became training boats at Kiel in 1916 , joining UB @-@ 11 in that duty .
It was found a few metres to the west of Monument 2 and has been moved to the Parque @-@ Museo La Venta .
They named the group " Hed " , which stands for " higher education " .
Writing in Variety , Todd McCarthy said the cast ensemble " could not be better " ; he praised Spacey 's " handling of innuendo , subtle sarcasm , and blunt talk " and the way he imbued Lester with " genuine feeling " .
The team received the nine seed in the South Regional , and lost to eighth @-@ seeded Louisiana State in the first round by a score of 75 – 71 to finish the year at 26 – 6 overall .
According to Suetonius , Nero tried to kill his mother through a shipwreck planned by his freedman tutor Anicetus .
The original ten twin 25 mm gun mounts were replaced by triple mounts and nine new triple mounts were added , a total of 57 guns .
@ 02 ERA and NL @-@ leading 45 strikeouts , earning him the National League Pitcher of the Month Award .
Thomas A. Curran as [UNK] 's guardian
No.
Both studios mounted aggressive campaigns ; DreamWorks bought 38 % more advertising space in Variety than Miramax .
What did concern the reviewer , however , was the way Steiner used ideas from his earlier works , that he had put them " virtually verbatim " into Hitler 's mouth , creating the impression that " Steiner 's understanding of Hitler were identical with the latter 's self @-@ understanding " .
Eliot , in a letter to John Hayward dated 27 August 1942 , explained why he changed the wording :
His investments ranged widely , including maritime insurance ( where is father @-@ in @-@ law had made his fortune ) , bridges , locks , canals , and textiles .
An additional monument , at Takalik Abaj in Guatemala , is a throne that may have been carved from a colossal head .
Precipitation there peaked at 653 mm ( 25 @.
The battles of the American Civil War and at Lissa were very influential on the designs and tactics of the ironclad fleets that followed .
As Watson notes , this is information " of a kind seldom found in the officially compiled histories of the era " .
@ 43 million viewers , with a 0 @.
He was a major investor in the early textile industry , funding the Boston Manufacturing Company and the Merrimack Manufacturing Company , whose business established the city of Lowell , Massachusetts .
It borders Libya to the south , Niger to the east , Sudan to the west , and the Central African Republic to the north .
All songs written and composed by Ricardo Arjona , except where noted .
In both cases the British Army claimed that the men were attacking them with guns or bombs , while eyewitnesses insisted that both were unarmed .
Stevens was not so sure , privately telling his father , " We have a really good team , and I ’ m not sure how far we can go this year , but next year , we ought to go really far . "
The Office of Military Cooperation , just one and a half blocks from the embassy , required evacuation .
The change was a practical decision , as the production was behind schedule and they needed to cut costs .
The unit was based in the village of Kumrovec in the region of Hrvatsko Zagorje , on the grounds of the former " Josip Broz Tito " political school .
On November 14 , at the UFC 105 post @-@ fight conference , Dana White stated , " [ Lesnar ] ' s not well and he 's not going to be getting well anytime soon " and that an interim title match might need to be set up .
Animals now regarded as [UNK] were primarily [UNK] , but some were classified in the [UNK] .
@ 96 km2 ( 35 sq mi ) with sandy beaches , rocky headlands , jungle streams , and forests .
The only candidate with sufficient military experience , consular ancestry , and connections was Trajan .
The poem was finished by 19 September 1942 and published in the October New English Weekly .
Returning , Nero sought for some place where he could hide and collect his thoughts .
Kershaw was selected to the 2013 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his third straight selection .
The French division was part of the newly created VIII Corps , the so @-@ called Corps Mortier , under command of Édouard Mortier .
The forecast indicated the potential for 26 @.
Ironclads continued to be used in World War I.
Hall employed Kodak Vision [UNK] [UNK] and [UNK] [UNK] stock for scenes with daylight effects .
On promise of marriage and wealth , Mary is romanced and gives birth to a fatherless child .
He had difficulty adjusting to Kodak 's newly introduced Vision release print stock , which , combined with his contrast @-@ heavy lighting style , created a look with too much contrast .
Gnaeus was thus the grandson of Gnaeus Domitius [UNK] ( consul 32 BC ) and probably [UNK] [UNK] on his father 's side , and the grandson of Mark Antony and Octavia Minor on his mother 's side .
@ 65 ERA in five starts and was selected as the top prospect in the Dodgers organization heading into the 2008 season .
It was co @-@ written with Paul Heyman .
Bintulu Port is the busiest port in Sarawak .
Other major publishing companies in the country like The Manila Times , The Philippine Star and Manila Standard Today are headquartered inside the Port Area .
It was the best @-@ received title at the Toronto International Film Festival ( TIFF ) , where it won the People 's Choice award after a ballot of the festival 's audiences .
Scenes featuring Coleman and several guest stars in a Victorian setting were filmed in Newport , Wales , while Coleman and Smith were also spotted filming in Bristol two weeks later on 21 August .
He has stated many times that he has modeled his pitching mechanics after his favorite pitcher growing up , Roger Clemens .
Both sides used ironclads in the Chincha Islands War between Spain and the combined forces of Peru and Chile in the early 1860s .
It was first described as a " [UNK] " , and the specific name annectens means " connecting " in reference to its inferred transitional position between [UNK] and lissamphibians .
[UNK] Mack scored 30 points in the win .
The calm period between these two [UNK] is known as the transitional period .
Radar images of the crater at a wavelength of 13 cm show no evidence for water ice deposits .
A strap descends from each side of the headdress , passing over the ears and to the base of the monument .
Although losses were fairly equal in terms of [UNK] wounded or dead on each [UNK] Coalition forces went into battle with 24 @,@ 000 men while the French started with Gazan 's division of about 6 @,@ 000 , which grew close to 8 @,@ 000 when Dupont 's men joined the fighting in the afternoon .
Early on November 1 , [UNK] made landfall on northeastern Luzon in the Philippines , south of Palanan .
The Devastation and the similar ships commissioned by the British and Russian navies in the 1870s were the exception rather than the rule .
The original sources were also said to contradict on a number of events .
Nero enjoyed driving a one @-@ horse chariot , singing to the lyre and poetry .
However , the first battles using the new ironclad ships involved neither Britain nor France , and involved ships markedly different from the broadside @-@ firing , masted designs of Gloire and Warrior .
In 1994 [UNK] provided earthquake relief .
The shape of the central dense overcast is also considered .
In April , Typhoon Kujira became one of the longest @-@ lasting Pacific typhoons in history and attained climatological records for its unusually early impacts .
Among the notable places of worship in Bintulu are the Bintulu Mosque ( Masjid [UNK] ) , Masjid [UNK] , Tua Pek Kong Temple , Eng Kwang Methodist Church , and St. Thomas Church .
Before sending Mortier on his mission , Napoleon instructed him to protect his north flank at all times against possible Russian reinforcements , advice he reiterated in subsequent written orders .
Upon going to their chambers personally , he found them all abandoned .
Rainfall is more evenly distributed in the inland areas .
The face has a broadly smiling expression that reveals four of the upper teeth .
Jaeger also named [UNK] giganteus in 1828 , basing it on partial occiput , or back portion of the skull .
In Derry , the James Connolly Republican Club worked closely with Labour Party radicals , with whom they set up the Derry Housing Action Committee and Derry Unemployed Action Committee .
Her paintings portray bush plum " dreaming " and women ’ s ceremonies ( known as Awelye ) .
Other historians who lived through the period ( including Josephus , Dio Chrysostom , Plutarch and Epictetus ) make no mention of it in what remains of their work .
I think you will recognise that it was necessary to get rid of [UNK] for two reasons .
Stevens is known for a calm , focused coaching style .
Superfamily [UNK]
From the ensuing debate , Hulme and Flint became close friends .
Ball said , " They wanted to cut that scene .
@ 0 lb ) shells used in the manually loaded 152 @-@ millimetre ( 6 in ) secondary guns used in the Fusō class and earlier designs .
Problems were also found with the Littlejohn adaptor fitted to the 2 @-@ pounder to increase its range and penetration power ; after they had been fitted the adapters could not be removed , and could only fire specially designed armour @-@ piercing rounds , which took time to manufacture .
The eternal darkness of the tunnels was here and there partially pierced by feeble electric bulbs .
The surviving details of the headdress and [UNK] are stylistically similar to those of Tres [UNK] Monument A.
After spying on Ricky and Lester through Lester 's garage window , the colonel mistakenly concludes the pair is sexually involved .
After defeating the Patriots two games to one in the semi @-@ final series , South Australia progressed to the championship series against the Aces .
Rizal Park , also known as Luneta Park , is the national park of the country and has an area of 58 hectares ( 140 acres ) , making it the largest urban park in Asia .
Although the two genera both have similarly sized conical teeth , [UNK] was later found to be a crocodile @-@ like reptile .
The situation in Mogadishu stabilized somewhat and the mission was delayed until 5 January .
At one point The New Yorker applied for a copyright from the United States Copyright Office for the work .
[UNK] Erica [UNK] offered Bacon the opportunity of a solo show for the opening of her new Hanover Gallery .
For financial reasons more powerful engines could not be ordered so the new design was lengthened slightly and the boiler rooms enlarged to increase speed by 0 @.
Some 34 other bombs near missed her , spraying her with splinters and ruptured some hull plates that contaminated some fuel oil and caused leaks in her port boiler rooms .
The unit drew personnel from the special police forces and a former French Foreign Legion troops serving as its core .
The typhoon weakened due to increasing wind shear , deteriorating to severe tropical storm status on September 22 before JMA declared it extratropical on September 23 .
A caption above the illustration reads " Illustration by Jon Berkeley ( with apologies to [UNK] and The New Yorker ) " .
The freedman [UNK] discovered the conspiracy and reported it to Nero 's secretary , [UNK] .
Most phylogenetic analyses of temnospondyl interrelationships focus on individual families .
The overlap with NY 270 remained in place until c .
During the 1870s the distinction grew between ' first @-@ class ironclads ' or ' battleships ' on the one hand , and ' cruising ironclads ' designed for long @-@ range work on the other .
Principal photography lasted about 50 days from December 14 , 1998 , to February 1999 .
With Ezra 's money exhausted he seeks employment and finds it as the valet of Jack .
At the same time , the development of Neo @-@ Confucianism ensured that Du Fu , as its poetic exemplar , occupied the paramount position .
The direct ancestors of Nerva on his father 's side , all named Marcus Cocceius Nerva , were associated with imperial circles since the time of Emperor Augustus ( 27 BC – AD 14 ) .
The sisters were selected for conversion and detached from the division on 14 July in preparation .
Stevens ' 56 – 10 two @-@ year record places him second only to Bill [UNK] ( 58 ) in total wins during one 's first two years as head coach .
The head is sculpted with a simple headdress with a wide band that is otherwise unadorned , and wears rectangular ear ornaments that project forwards onto the cheeks .
[UNK] derivatives are also used as specialized reagents in organic chemistry for a variety of oxidations , including alpha hydroxylation of [UNK] , epoxidation and [UNK] of olefins , and other heteroatom transfer reactions .
@ 28 % , 319 ) .
They were the first known fossils of amphibian eggs .
The United Press syndicate ran a feature article about [UNK] in September 1944 that opened as follows : " Another great end has made his appearance on the Big Ten football horizon in the person of Dick [UNK] , 18 @-@ year @-@ old Michigan freshman .
[UNK] [UNK] where stereochemistry is entirely due to [UNK] stable nitrogen are reported .
Constructed on the hull of USS Merrimack , Virginia originally was a conventional warship made of wood , but she was converted into an iron @-@ covered casemate ironclad gunship , when she entered the Confederate navy .
On April 2 , Butler beat fellow Cinderella team VCU 70 – 62 to make it to a second consecutive national championship game .
He has not been known to posture for more money , or to leak his name for open coaching positions .
Manila also hosts several well @-@ known sports facilities such as the Enrique M. Razon Sports Center and the University of Santo Tomas Sports Complex , both of which are private venues owned by a university ; collegiate sports are also held , with the University Athletic Association of the Philippines and the National Collegiate Athletic Association basketball games held at Rizal Memorial Coliseum and Ninoy Aquino Stadium , although basketball events had transferred to San Juan 's [UNK] Flying V Arena and the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City .
He collects his $ 3 @,@ 000 share and decides to walk back to the hotel .
The caused about NT $ 200 ( [UNK] , $ 115 million USD ) in crop damage , and killed three people .
Nero enacted a public relief effort as well as significant reconstruction .
The largest importers of Malaysia LNG productions are Japan ( 62 % ) , Korea ( 17 % ) , Taiwan ( 12 % ) , and China ( 9 % ) .
The literary critic and author Wayne C. Booth concludes that the film resists any one interpretation : " [ American Beauty ] cannot be adequately summarized as ' here is a satire on what 's wrong with American life ' ; that plays down the celebration of beauty .
The hurricane dropped heavy rainfall along its path , peaking at 17 @.
The DVD featured a full concert performance by the band from October 2006 in Moscow and the music videos for " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 , " " Through Glass , " and " [UNK] . "
He holds her close and " wraps her up " .
The cover artwork from the album was released online on May 20 , 2006 .
On 4 July 1943 , a Liberator bomber from RAF Transport Command took off from Gibraltar for England .
This hurricane instead maintained a general west @-@ northwest track .
@ 3 tons .
Both places have a unique cone @-@ shaped roof that symbolises the traditional Melanau headgear named Terendak .
@ 5 metres ( 4 @.
To maintain a terrestrial lifestyle , a temnospondyl 's limb bones would have to thicken with positive allometry , meaning that they would grow at a greater rate than the rest of the body .
Planning for the development for being the center of government started during the early years of American colonization to the country when they envisioned a well @-@ designed city outside the walls of Intramuros .
Weevil gets bail , but Keith informs him that a student ID printing machine was found in the locker next to Weevil ’ s .
[UNK] National Park is located 30 km ( 19 mi ) northeast of the town .
The skulls are rounded or triangular in shape when viewed from above , and are usually covered in pits and ridges .
Husbands @-@ Hankin was instrumental in developing the concept of " Ethical Kashrut " , the idea that one should only purchase goods that are produced in an ethical way .
In 2010 , his third year as head coach , Stevens broke the NCAA record for most wins in a coach 's first three years , exceeding the previous record by eight .
But overall Rosenfeld said The Portage " must be counted among the most vigorous attempts to portray the presence and meaning of Hitler " , forcing us to confront him " in a way hardly seen before in fiction " .
When discovered it was half @-@ buried ; its massive size meant that the discoverers were unable to excavate it completely .
Selfridge , an older Federalist attorney , had been retained to assist in the collection of a debt from Austin 's Republican father .
They are attached to plant fossils , suggesting that these [UNK] laid eggs on aquatic plants much like modern frogs .
As a result , relatively little remains of Manila 's prewar and colonial architecture , although there are ongoing restoration projects , especially within the old walled city , Intramuros .
Having begun to act his age again , Lester achieves closure .
The squadron 's strength was further weakened when two gliders collided with each other in the landing zone , destroying themselves and the Tetrarchs they carried ; a third Hamilcar hit another Tetrarch as it was being unloaded and flipped the tank upside down , rendering it unusable , although the crew escaped without injury .
Type 21 air @-@ search radars were installed aboard the sisters in mid @-@ 1942 .
The crew was sheltered from direct fire , but vulnerable to plunging fire , for instance from shore emplacements .
When the disappointed Donald returns home , Huey , Dewey and Louie accidentally break the statue , which reveals a golden jeweled necklace was hidden inside .
@ 1 ft ) high and measures 1 @.
Hickey replied that MacArthur had the day before approved the use of the US Marines if and when Walker considered it necessary .
27 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart .
As well as the main Principal Architects for France and Belgium ( Baker , Blomfield and Lutyens ) , there were Principal Architects appointed for other regions as well .
On September 1 that division reported that 110 men of C Company had come into its lines .
Directed artillery fire destroyed the village .
Overall , the typhoon was responsible for the deaths of four persons .
Manila is a major publishing center in the Philippines .
Lesnar married Rena Greek , better known as Sable , on May 6 , 2006 .
α @-@ [UNK] , or [UNK] , are an important synthetic motifs present in many natural [UNK] α @-@ [UNK] have been synthesized in many ways , including reduction of α @-@ [UNK] , substitution of a hydroxyl for a leaving group and direct oxidation of an [UNK] .
The Lockport Bypass , a highway bypassing downtown Lockport to the southwest , was opened to traffic on July 26 , 1991 .
In August , Filipović took over command of the battalion from Roso .
The North Koreans killed or captured many of the troops there .
The Dutch [UNK] ( Coastal ram ) Zr .
The helicopters arrived in Mogadishu at dawn , crossing the coast just south of the harbor at 25 – 50 feet ( 7 @.
The win earned the team an automatic bid into the 2010 NCAA tournament , and completed a 20 – 0 run through league play .
The French action was approved by both the German Armistice Commission and the Italian Armistice Commission .
Variety reported that " no other 1999 movie has benefited from such universal raves . "
The Fourth Carrier Division was disbanded on 1 March and the sisters were reduced to 1st rank reserve ships .
The artist replied , " Well , it means that the sensation doesn 't come straight out at you but slides slowly and gently through the gaps . "
While he was positive towards Clara , he was " unmoved by her death " as it was " plainly silly " that she did not look injured .
A small number of Tetrarchs remained in service with the 3rd Hussars until 1949 ; a Hamilcar glider flight was stationed at RAF Fairford , and a troop of Tetrarchs was kept by the regiment for training exercises with the gliders .
A few species continued into the Cretaceous .
The eye pattern utilizes the coldness of the cloud tops within the surrounding mass of thunderstorms and contrasts it with the temperature within the eye itself .
The rivalry then came to an end after The Undertaker chose to focus on Mr. McMahon .
In April 2016 , Brad Stevens led the Celtics to their second consecutive playoff appearance under his tenure as the 5th seed in the 2016 NBA Playoffs finishing the season with a 48 – 34 record .
This time , Free Derry was a no @-@ go area , defended by armed members of both the Official and Provisional IRA .
@ 35 metres ( 4 @.
He ran the idea of quitting his job at Eli Lilly by then @-@ longtime girlfriend Tracy Wilhelmy .
Ball felt that Mendes liked to look under the story 's surface , a talent he felt would be a good fit with the themes of American Beauty .
Even though remnants of the NK 9th Division , supported by the low strength NK 4th Division , still held Obong @-@ ni Ridge , Cloverleaf Hill , and the intervening ground back to the Naktong on September 6 , the division 's offensive strength had been spent at the end of the American counterattack .
It had a large headdress that reaches to the eyebrows but any details have been lost through erosion .
The extratropical remnants of Soudelor continued to the northeast , crossing northern Japan on June 20 and dissipating on June 24 .
Butler became the smallest school ( enrollment 4 @,@ 200 ) to make the Final Four since seeding began in 1979 .
In his first year , Stevens led Butler to 30 wins , becoming the third @-@ youngest head coach in NCAA Division I history to have a 30 @-@ win season .
The music video received 10 @.
It is Arjona 's fifth consecutive album to chart on that list ( following Adentro , Quién Dijo Ayer , 5to Piso and Poquita Ropa ) , although it has only charted higher than Adentro .
The reviewer called the conclusion to the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week a “ fun and satisfying one ” that highlighted the moral ambiguity of main characters , something “ that the show had been lacking for a while .
Lillian Mueller as Amy Devers
In Dürenstein itself Mortier set up his command post and directed the establishment of a small field hospital .
The power plant is registered under the United Nations Clean Development Management ( CDM ) scheme as of 18 September 2010 .
Rossen received nominations for Best Director and , with Carroll , for Best Writing , Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium .
During the morning of 1 September , Walker weighed the news coming in from his southern front , wavering in a decision as to which part of the front most needed his Pusan Perimeter reserves .
@ 58 mph ) to 23 knots ( 43 km / h ; 26 mph ) .
These were followed by a series of increasingly mammoth weapons — guns weighing 12 , 25 , 25 , 38 and finally 81 tons , with calibre increasing from 8 @-@ inch ( 203 mm ) to 16 @-@ inch ( 406 mm ) .
The system spread rainfall across China , reaching 82 @.
This nondiegetic score is important to creating the narrative stasis in the sequence ; it conveys a moment for Lester that is stretched to an indeterminate length .
He also pitched two innings out of the bullpen for the Dodgers in the 2008 National League Championship Series ( NLCS ) against the Philadelphia Phillies .
Most of C Company moved all the way to the 25th Division positions south of the Naktong .
The ironclad age saw the development of explosive torpedoes as naval weapons , which helped complicate the design and tactics of ironclad fleets .
On April 8 , 2010 , Stevens signed a long @-@ term deal with Butler , extending his contract through the 2021 – 22 season .
President Barack Obama personally called Stevens to congratulate him on Butler 's season .
The men in the perimeter did , however , recover from a drop made later at 19 : 00 some supplies and ammunition .
He emigrated to the United States in 1957 , and joined Beth Israel in 1959 .
Many chicken coops in Stuart were destroyed , and the local chicken population was scattered and dispersed as far as Indiantown .
Each of the known examples has a distinctive headdress .
Lesnar 's next challenger was Roman Reigns , who won the Royal Rumble match to earn the right to face Lesnar for the title at WrestleMania 31 .
The discovery of remains of First and Second World War casualties remains a common occurrence with approximately 30 bodies discovered annually .
Two men , [UNK] Cusack and Desmond Beattie , were shot dead in separate incidents in the early morning and afternoon of 8 July 1971 .
The route continues on a southeast track through Porter , passing a mixture of rural and residential areas on its way into the hamlet of Porter Center , where NY 93 enters an intersection with Porter Center Road ( CR 57 ) .
Manila has architecturally significant buildings in a wide range of styles spanning distinct historical and cultural periods .
It was released in three different versions ; each contains a different set of bonus tracks .
The Light Tank Mk VII ( A17 ) , also known as the Tetrarch , was a British light tank produced by Vickers @-@ Armstrongs in the late 1930s and deployed during the World War II .
Newman won for Best Foreign Actor and Piper Laurie was nominated for Best Foreign Actress .
The film crew built a dining area that was so realistic that confused passengers sat there and waited to place their orders .
Russell observed that while the depiction of figures in rooms is common through all eras of painting , the figures are always posed , and usually seemingly aware that they are being portrayed .
Finally , he stated that " Returning fans will revel in this combination of freedom and growth , and appreciate the return of producer Tommy Torres , the man who has been behind the boards for quite a few of Arjona 's most popular releases " ( referring to Torres ' absence from the production of Poquita Ropa ) .
At 23 : 00 the barrage lifted and the North Koreans attacked 2nd Platoon , forcing it from the hill after a short fight .
Another story relates that two Iban warriors named [UNK] and [UNK] built houses along the river .
There the battalion personnel assisted in setting up and trained the Croatian Defence Council ( Hrvatsko vijeće obrane – HVO ) .
Virtually nothing is known of Nerva 's whereabouts during 69 , but despite the fact that Otho was his brother @-@ in @-@ law , he appears to have been one of the earliest and strongest supporters of the Flavians .
Two Canadian engineer companies , the only soldiers with diamond @-@ tipped drills and 5 British engineer companies , added some 30 miles ( 48 km ) of such tunnels , a feat thought impossible at the time .
Linfa and its extratropical remnants later brought torrential rainfall and widespread flooding to Japan , particularly in southwestern regions .
Osbert was no longer archdeacon by 1158 , as his successor is attested by that point .
After dark on August 31 , First Lieutenant Charles I. Caldwell of D Company and First Lieutenant Edward Schmitt of H Company , 9th Infantry , moved their men and weapons to the base of Hill 209 , which was within B Company 's defense sector and overlooked the [UNK] ferry crossing of the Naktong River .
Donald flies to the island where the treasure is hidden and manages to evade its traps in order to reach the treasure vault .
A mixture of centre @-@ battery and turret ships bombarded Egyptian positions for most of a day , forcing the Egyptians to retreat ; return fire from Egyptian guns was heavy at first , but inflicted little damage , killing only five British sailors .
A replica of San Lorenzo Head 1 was placed in the Teresa Lozano Long Institute of Latin American Studies at the University of Texas in November 2008 .
[UNK] include large semiaquatic [UNK] like Mastodonsaurus with flat heads and eyes near the back of the skull .
Reisch 's column also failed to destroy the bridges across the Danube .
Among the Italian ironclads were seven broadside ironclad frigates , four smaller ironclads , and the newly built Affondatore — a double @-@ [UNK] ram .
3 : ( The Subliminal Verses ) , the third album by vocalist Taylor and guitarist James Root 's other band Slipknot , and that they were working on demoing the tracks before entering the studio .
C ' Squadron was officially transferred to the 1st Airborne Division on 24 June 1942 , bringing with it seven Tetrarchs among its other vehicles .
This is fidelity ! "
@ 7 metres ( 8 @.
During the match , Lesnar had passed out due to a staged backstage incident and McMahon was set to pin him , but Angle refused to allow McMahon to win that way .
General Dwight D. Eisenhower , who was given command of the operation , set up his headquarters in Gibraltar during the planning phases of the operation .
Likewise , the image impedance of a mid @-@ shunt section is designated ZiΠ due to the " Π " topology .
In the case of burials of Victoria Cross or George Cross recipients , the regimental badge is supplemented by the Victoria Cross or George Cross emblem .
" The Beast ( Incarnate ) "
He will know the sounds of madness and loathing and make them seem music . "
Kirby 's spherical shape lent itself towards ball @-@ like roles .
Actual effective combat ranges , they had learned during the Civil War , were comparable to those in the Age of Sail — though a vessel could now be smashed to pieces in only a few rounds .
Over two meetings — the first with Cooper , Walter Parkes , and Laurie MacDonald , the second with Cooper alone — Mendes pitched himself to the studio .
Following another takedown by Lesnar , Mir managed to secure a [UNK] and force a submission at 1 : 30 of the first round and Lesnar lost in his UFC debut .
A left @-@ handed starting pitcher , Kershaw has played in the major leagues since 2008 , and his career earned run average ( ERA ) and Walks and hits per innings pitched average ( WHIP ) are the lowest among starters in the live @-@ ball era with a minimum of 1 @,@ 000 innings pitched .
He published his work in 1922 , but had clearly invented the filters some time before , as his colleague at AT & T Co , Otto Zobel , was already making improvements to the design at this time .
[UNK] received a mostly positive response from critics upon release .
He does not get upset about bad calls by referees or player mistakes , preferring to focus on " the next play " rather than what just happened .
NY 93 was established as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , connecting the cities and villages of Youngstown , Lockport , and Akron .
For example , for the pictured low @-@ pass half @-@ section ,
Russia expanded her navy in the 1880s and 1890s with modern armored cruisers and battleships , but the ships were manned by inexperienced crews and politically appointed leadership , which enhanced their defeat in the Battle of Tsushima on 27 May 1905 .
It also caught most of the D and H Company men at the base of Hill 209 , .5 miles ( 0 @.
Later in the month it commenced anti @-@ submarine patrols and , in January 1942 , bombing raids against Japanese bases .
Guitarist [UNK] has been credited for encouraging a heavier , hardcore punk @-@ influenced musical style .
Col. Fitts is a strict disciplinarian who previously sent Ricky to a military school and briefly committed him to a psychiatric hospital .
In 1833 , he described a complete skull of S. giganteus that had the same teeth as his Mastodonsaurus , making it the first known complete skull of a temnospondyl .
Gore was granted an honorary law degree from Harvard in 1809 .
Kershaw picked up his 200th strikeout of the season on August 12 , tying Hideo Nomo 's 1995 season for the fastest to that mark in Dodgers history at 156 innings .
The Great Intelligence was voiced by Sir Ian McKellen .
@ 0 % , 28 @,@ 512 ) , Non @-@ Malaysians ( 13 @.
In the rearrangement on the left the thermodynamically unfavorable product is observed exclusively , while in the reaction on the right the product derived from the less stable radical intermediate is favored .
[UNK] is no longer recognized as a group , but [UNK] is still considered valid .
He stated that he wrote it " as a gift for my mom on Mother 's Day " and that he thought " the idea of including it on the album was very good " .
The typhoon also dropped torrential rainfall peaking at 683 mm ( 26 @.
Fossils have been found on every continent .
Nationwide , Etau killed 20 people , destroyed 708 houses , and caused ¥ 35 @.
He expressed approval of the 1814 Hartford Convention in which the New England states aired grievances concerning Republican governance of the country and the conduct of the war .
Although the plot spans one year , the film is narrated by Lester at the moment of his death .
NY 93 and NY 104 proceed northeast across lightly populated areas for 2 miles ( 3 @.
[UNK] was born in Petoskey , Michigan , and raised in Kalamazoo , Michigan before his family moved to Saginaw , Michigan .
After months of not working on the poem , Eliot began to feel compelled to finish it ; it was not until August 1942 , however , that he started working on it again .
These were fixed armored towers which held a gun on a turntable .
[UNK] [UNK] are known to [UNK] unactivated hydrocarbons with remarkable regio , and [UNK] .
In 62 , Tigranes invaded the Parthian province of Adiabene .
His career highs were 24 points and 8 rebounds in a game .
A rise in sea surface temperatures in the following months prompted the forecasting group to once again raise their forecasts to indicate a near @-@ average season in their final August forecast update , which predicted 27 tropical storms .
Hung concludes that he probably failed because his prose style at the time was too dense and obscure , while Chou suggests his failure to cultivate connections in the capital may have been to blame .
It governs the 71 public elementary schools , 32 public high schools .
In the early 20th century , [UNK] would be recognized as larval forms of [UNK] lacking many of the typical features that define the group , and is no longer recognized as a distinct group .
Its first rabbi was Marcus Simmons .
The lyrics , which speak of " castles burning " , can be seen as a metaphor for Lester 's view of Angela — " the rosy , fantasy @-@ driven exterior of the ' American Beauty ' " — as it burns away to reveal " the timid , small @-@ breasted girl who , like his wife , has willfully developed a false public self " .
The highway intersected with CR 12B before leaving Weedsport and entering the town of Brutus as Brutus Road .
<formula>
The Commission believes that graffiti and damage to stonework are usually the pursuits partaken by young people , noting the number of incidents increases when schoolchildren are on school holidays .
He looks at a picture of his family in happier times , and dies having had an epiphany that infuses him with " wonder , joy , and soul @-@ shaking gratitude " — he has finally seen the world as it is .
Coming early in Bacon 's career , they are uneven in quality , but show a clear progression especially in how they utilise and present ideas he was still clearly developing and coming to terms with .
Titus Petronius Secundus and Parthenius , Domitian 's former chamberlain , were sought out and killed .
The incident occurred after both teams were given a warning following Giants ace Tim Lincecum hitting Matt Kemp earlier in the game .
Below is a simplified taxonomy of [UNK] showing currently recognized groups :
Veronica is called into a room in the library by Jenny ’ s group , who try to bribe her into not turning them in to the Hearst police .
@ 95 ERA .
He is also known for having one of the better pickoff moves to first base and is considered one of the better fielding pitchers in the game .
Just beforehand , the British fleet had destroyed a number of French warships at Mers el @-@ Kebir in order to prevent them ending up in German hands .
Former actor [UNK] Moreno currently serves as the city 's vice mayor .
No.
And the great majority do believe that he still is , although in a certain sense he has died not once but often along with those who had been firmly convinced that he was still alive .
American mortars and artillery began firing counterbattery .
Since 1965 when Koufax did it , Peavy and Kershaw are only two pitchers in the National League have led the league in wins , strikeouts , ERA , and WHIP ( walks plus hits per inning pitched ) .
He and his wife returned to Zambia in 2012 .
Some skeletons of [UNK] were later found with long ribs , prompting its reassignment to [UNK] ( although more detailed studies found it to be a temnospondyl ) .
After Murdac 's death in 1153 , Osbert was opposed to William 's return as archbishop , but was unsuccessful in his attempts to prevent William 's reappointment .
Further additions of half @-@ sections to either of these section forms a ladder network which may start and end with series or shunt elements .
Between the Armistice and September 1921 , the exhumation units reburied 204 @,@ 695 bodies .
It has a headband and a cover that descends from under the headdress proper behind the ears .
As it passed through Waterloo Place , on the edge of the [UNK] , hostilities began between supporters and opponents of the parade .
On July 1 , 2009 , it was reported that the winner of the Shane Carwin vs. Cain Velasquez fight at UFC 104 would face Lesnar but the match was scrapped and Lesnar was scheduled to defend his belt against Shane Carwin at UFC 106 on November 21 .
Previously , Manila was the country 's most competitive city in 2015 , making it the best place to live in and do business .
After its discovery it remained half @-@ buried until it was excavated by Matthew Stirling in 1939 .
Howard was also clutch in their next game , hitting a free throw with a less than one second remaining to beat Pitt in a dramatic finish .
Osbert de Bayeux ( floruit 1121 to 1184 ) was a medieval English cleric and archdeacon in the Diocese of York .
A number of Tetrarchs were sent to Tank Training Schools which were subsequently sent into battle , and in September 1943 two were assigned to the 132nd Separated Tank Battalion , which was attached to the 5th Guards Tank Brigade ; both tanks were destroyed in combat , one on 30 September and the other on 2 October , the latter a casualty of artillery fire .
However other craters in the vicinity are considerably older , and may contain significant deposits of hydrogen , possibly in the form of water ice .
Such an object reappears most prominently in the centre panel of his 1973 Triptych , May – June 1973 , where it is clearly a dangling light bulb .
Other animals that would later be classified as [UNK] were placed in a group called [UNK] , characterized by plate @-@ like skull bones , small limbs , fish @-@ like scales , and branchial arches .
s iOS 6 mobile operating system which included Apple Maps , a replacement for Google Maps .
The main terminal of the Philippine National Railways lies within the city .
Mr. McMahon found his way into the angle , at first berating Lesnar , who had involved himself in McMahon 's rivalry with Zach Gowen , for losing to Angle .
The [UNK] , a group of small aquatic [UNK] , evolved from terrestrial ancestors in the Late Carboniferous .
The Type UB I was a class of small coastal submarines ( U @-@ boats ) built in Germany at the beginning of the First World War .
Hed PE released their third studio album , Blackout , on March 18 , 2003 .
The La [UNK] head was almost certainly carved from a raw boulder rather than being sculpted from a throne .
[UNK] larvae are often distinguished by poorly developed bones and the presence of a [UNK] apparatus , a series of bones that gills would attach to in life .
The RUC and B @-@ Specials withdrew , and the troops took up positions outside the barricaded area .
The method is internally consistent in that it constrains rapid increases or decreases in tropical cyclone intensity .
Finally , at [UNK] Bridge , five miles outside Derry , they were attacked by a mob of about two hundred wielding clubs — some of them studded with nails — and stones .
A number of modern historians find this an unlikely motive as Nero did not marry Poppaea until 62 .
It is too indistinctly drawn to identify with certainty , but given the presence of similar objects in Bacon 's later works , may be either the end of a hanging light switch or the tassel of a curtain ; the hanging cord was to become a signature for the artist .
The Chicago Film Critics Association and the Broadcast Film Critics Association named the film the best of 1999 , but while the New York Film Critics Circle , the National Society of Film Critics and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association recognized American Beauty , they gave their top awards to other films .
He was the third player in history to lead the Majors in ERA three years in a row , joining Greg Maddux ( 1993 – 95 ) and Lefty Grove ( 1929 – 31 ) .
Upon commissioning , the sister ships were assigned to the 1st Battleship Division of the 1st Fleet .
He was cast in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur , which was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth and the [UNK] Chocolate Factory in London .
It stood nearly on the sea @-@ shore , and just behind it , at a distance of few paces , the primeval forests commenced ...
The 1978 FIBA World Championship was held at the complex although the latter stages were held in the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City , Southeast Asia 's largest indoor arena at that time .
[UNK] like [UNK] and [UNK] are represented by many fossils preserving skin and external gills .
It was released as the record 's second single in Germany and the third overall single on 7 January 2013 .
The Governor , he declared , had given the number of evacuees first as 13 @,@ 000 , then as 14 @,@ 000 and finally as 16 @,@ 000 .
The album reached number one again for the week ending 12 November , and later for the week ending 11 February 2012 .
Lester becomes infatuated with Jane 's vain friend , Angela Hayes , after seeing her perform a half @-@ time dance routine at a high school basketball game .
In the Taegu region , five North Korean divisions were repulsed by three UN divisions in several attempts to attack the city during the Battle of Taegu .
On October 22 , a tropical depression developed in the South China Sea , classified by PAGASA as Ursula .
Agrippina also is mentioned by ancient sources as " scheming for her son ( Nero ) " .
The head has a prominent headdress but this is badly eroded and any individual detail has been erased .
Critics such as Malcolm Cowley and Delmore Schwartz describe mixed emotions about the religiosity of the poem .
Dürenstein ( modern [UNK] ) is located in the [UNK] Valley , on the River Danube , 73 kilometers ( 45 mi ) upstream from Vienna , Austria .
The unit immediately began training , but was not attached to the 1st Airborne Division for long ; during mid @-@ 1943 , the division was transported to the Middle East so it could participate in the Allied invasion of Sicily . '
British Revolt of 60 – 61 ( Boudica 's Uprising )
The headstone does not denote any specific details of the death except for its date , and even then only if it is known , and are deliberately ambiguous about the cause of death .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility .
Du Fu 's poetry has made a profound impact on Japanese literature , especially on the literature from the Muromachi period and on scholars and poets in the Edo period , including Matsuo Bashō , the very greatest of all haiku poets .
He was active in forming the Jewish Renewal movement , and was ordained by its leader Zalman [UNK] @-@ [UNK] .
The hanging object , which may be a light switch or curtain tassel , can be found even in his late paintings .
The obvious unit for conversion was ' C ' Special Services Squadron , as it was trained to act as an independent tank unit and , more importantly , was the only unit that was still using Tetrarchs ; it had been re @-@ designated as an airborne tank by the War Office . '
In 2015 , Stephen Owen published translations , with facing Chinese texts , of the complete poetry of Du Fu in six volumes , with extensive scholarly apparatus , which emphasized [UNK] .
Boulter received a favorable review in The Daily Telegraph : " The acting is shatteringly intense , with wired performances from Ben Whishaw ( now unrecognisable from his performance as Trevor Nunn 's Hamlet ) , Robert Boulter , Shane Zaza and Fraser Ayres . "
Lesnar , representing Canada for the first time in his career , defeated Mark Hunt by unanimous decision ( 29 @-@ 27 ) , avoiding 19 of Hunt 's 30 attempted standing strikes , and taking him down four times to land 43 significant ground strikes , 32 in the final round .
He exempted parents and their children from a 5 % inheritance tax , and he made loans to Italian landowners on the condition that they pay interest of 5 % to their municipality to support the children of needy families ; alimentary schemes which were later expanded by Trajan , Antoninus Pius , and Marcus Aurelius .
The discovery of a colossal head at Tres [UNK] in the nineteenth century spurred the first archaeological investigations of Olmec culture by Matthew Stirling in 1938 .
The land reclamation commenced towards the end of 1941 along with the construction of an RAF camp at the " North Front " , now RAF Gibraltar .
By the outbreak of war in the Pacific , No.
Charles E. Wagner of the Exhibitor 's Trade Review found it to be a good film with great direction and photography , but was concerned that the stunt in which the baby appeared to be involved in the accident was too real .
Shut Your Mouth , WWE SmackDown !
On April 17 , 2004 , a minivan collided with his motorbike ; he suffered a broken jaw and left hand , a bruised pelvis , and a pulled groin .
Pablo Hernández scored Valencia 's only goal past him after 32 minutes of the match – the first goal United had conceded in the Champions League that season – as the two sides played out a 1 – 1 draw .
Following the release of the album , Stone Sour went on to promote it for over a year ; releasing five singles and touring in several regions , including the United States , Canada , Japan and several countries in Europe .
These problems influenced the British to equip ships with muzzle @-@ loading weapons of increasing power until the 1880s .
The next evolution of battleship design , the dreadnought , is never referred to as an ' ironclad ' .
Mr. McMahon
@ 26 metres ( 7 @.
@ 6 million ( CNY , $ 4 @.
In 1800 it ground to a halt because another board established by the treaty to resolve outstanding Revolutionary War claims against the United States had not yet met , and the British stopped the claims processing until resolution of the other issues got underway .
Their maximum rate of fire was 14 rounds a minute , but their sustained rate of fire was around eight rounds per minute .
The move ended any implementation of the Burnham Plan 's intent for the government centre to be at Luneta .
He was fined $ 1 @,@ 725 and given a six @-@ month hunting suspension .
LRT Line 1 runs along the length of Taft Avenue ( R @-@ 2 ) and Rizal Avenue ( R @-@ 9 ) , and the LRT Line 2 runs along Claro M. Recto Avenue ( C @-@ 1 ) and Ramon Magsaysay Boulevard ( R @-@ 6 ) from Santa Cruz , through Quezon City , up to Santolan in Marikina .
[UNK] Albertine [UNK] competed on Chad 's behalf as the national delegation 's only female athlete at the Beijing games .
The six public city @-@ run hospitals are the [UNK] ng [UNK] Medical Center , [UNK] ng [UNK] , Gat Andres Bonifacio Memorial Medical Center , [UNK] ng Tondo , Sta .
Completely recyclable materials used in the structure included carpeting and wood beams .
[UNK] also have a stapes , which projects into the otic cavity .
These include concerts , dinners , and other events .
@ 4 % ) ; Iglesia ni Cristo ( 1 @.
Extensive work has been reported on asymmetric hydroxylation of [UNK] [UNK] with [UNK] derivatives , achieving moderate to high enantiomeric excess .
It had thicker armour than the Tetrarch , with the front hull and turret armour increased to a thickness of 38 millimetres ( 1 @.
Kershaw 's repertoire includes a four @-@ seam fastball that sits anywhere from 92 miles per hour ( 148 km / h ) to 95 miles per hour ( 153 km / h ) and tops out at 98 miles per hour ( 158 km / h ) with late movement , a slider at 84 miles per hour ( 135 km / h ) – 87 miles per hour ( 140 km / h ) , a 12 – 6 curveball between 72 miles per hour ( 116 km / h ) – 76 miles per hour ( 122 km / h ) , and a seldom thrown changeup ( under 3 % ) .
Bintulu is classified as one of the endangered languages in Sarawak because of the isolated usage of the language in a small community .
Although some were recovered from ravines , they were found close to their original placements and had been buried by local erosion .
In many cases small cemeteries were closed and the graves concentrated in larger ones .
After , she scrawls " [UNK] " , " [UNK] " , and " [UNK] " in lipstick on the bathroom mirror .
At 09 : 35 September 2 , while the North Koreans were attempting to destroy the engineer troops at the southern edge of Yongsan and clear the road to Miryang , Walker spoke by telephone with Major General Doyle O. Hickey , Deputy Chief of Staff , Far East Command in Tokyo .
On March 26 , 2000 , American Beauty won five Academy Awards : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor ( Spacey ) , Best Original Screenplay and Best Cinematography .
Kinberg 's wife Alice was a strong feminist , and during the 1980s he and his wife supported a number of changes to the liturgy and ritual .
[UNK] in Tondo is dubbed as the " shopping mecca of the Philippines " .
A fund raiser was organised by Arcadia , New South Wales , residents .
@ 15 metres ( 10 ft 4 in ) .
UFC Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )
They go back to her place but she refuses to let him in , saying he is " too hungry " .
As the route continues southward through the southern part of Akron , it serves mostly residential areas , save for an industrial complex at NY 93 's intersection with CR 163 ( Clarence Center Road ) and CR 167 ( Parkview Drive ) .
Metacritic gives the film a score of 86 , based on 33 reviews , indicating " universal acclaim . "
SM UB @-@ 3
Ambassador Bishop tried unsuccessfully to have these employees airlifted to safer parts of Somalia .
Along with Li Bai ( Li Po ) , he is frequently called the greatest of the Chinese poets .
He eventually resigned the legislative seat under protest because of pressure from his fellow legislators .
Years later , Matta recalled , " [ Stevens ] was just a hungry young kid that was desperate to get into coaching .
Hed PE , also known as ( hed ) Planet Earth and stylized as ( [UNK] ) [UNK] , is an American rock band from Huntington Beach , California .
Behind the scenes , it was widely known that the match was Goldberg 's last in WWE .
Lesnar was beaten down by Big Show and Angle after the main event , but would get his revenge after the show went off the air .
On August 25 , 9th Infantry commander Colonel John G. Hill outlined projected " Operation Manchu , " which was to be a company @-@ sized combat patrol to cross the river , advance to the suspected North Korean command post and communications center , destroy it , capture prisoners , and collect intelligence .
At the Royal Rumble in 2004 , Lesnar defeated Holly to retain the WWE Championship .
“ As fun as this episode is , the lack of the fourth season stops me from fully enjoying it .
They inflicted no damage and caused the Americans to search in the direction from which they had attacked .
q =
Force H , under the command of Vice @-@ Admiral James Somerville was based in Gibraltar and had the task of maintaining naval superiority and providing a strong escort for convoys to and from the besieged island of Malta .
Binondo , the oldest Chinatown in the world , is the city 's center of commerce and trade for all types of businesses run by Filipino @-@ Chinese merchants with a wide variety of Chinese and Filipino shops and restaurants .
The exception to this was when Perth played their home games ; they played on a Thursday night instead of a doubleheader on Saturday .
The glass cage might imply a vacuum that the figure 's voice is unable to escape ; as if it is screaming in silence .
Since Manila is prone to earthquakes , the Spanish colonial architects invented the style called Earthquake Baroque which the churches and government buildings during the Spanish colonial period adopted .
It was not until the final round that the last two spots in the finals were decided : the Aces clinched top spot by sweeping the Perth Heat , which combined with the New South Wales Patriots sweep of the Rams eliminated Perth from contention and secured the last finals spot for the Patriots .
As paramedics tended to a screaming Angle , Lesnar finished off the assault with a [UNK] on the ringside barricade , breaking the champion 's leg in storyline .
[UNK] College , established in November 1999 , offers courses in business , information technology , language , and engineering .
He was abducted , interrogated and shot .
Vikram Seth in Three Chinese Poets uses English @-@ style rhyme schemes , whereas Keith Holyoak in Facing the Moon approximates the Chinese rhyme scheme ; both use end @-@ stopped lines and preserve some degree of parallelism .
These guns had a maximum elevation of + 80 degrees and a rate of fire of 200 rounds per minute .
Their nude scenes are used to communicate their vulnerability .
That year he was also elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Steiner wrote The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. in 1975 and 1976 in Geneva , Switzerland , and the 120 @-@ page work originally appeared in the Spring 1979 issue of the United States literary magazine , The Kenyon Review .
He would be a free man again in December , when he rejoined the Abwehr in Madrid , under direct orders of Wolfgang [UNK] , aka Baumann , head of the sabotage section in Spain .
Within 30 minutes he achieved the superiority of numbers he sought .
Some attempted to bring more , resulting in problems coordinating their evacuation .
By 1927 , when the majority of construction had been completed , over 500 cemeteries had been built , with 400 @,@ 000 headstones , a thousand Crosses of Sacrifice , and 400 Stones of Remembrance .
The Cooperative Institute for Meteorological Satellite Studies ( CIMSS ) at the University of Wisconsin – Madison has developed the Objective Dvorak Technique ( [UNK] ) .
When associated with Carolyn , the rose represents a " façade for suburban success " .
At the time , the radius of maximum winds was 15 mi ( 24 km ) , which was smaller than average .
The Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) uses the infrared version of Dvorak over the visible imagery version .
North Korean and US troops remained locked in combat along the Naktong River for several more days .
On August 8 , 2006 Stone Sour made a special guest appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno to promote and perform their second single " Through Glass . "
The Iban villagers paid the bus driver with " vegetables , chickens , bamboo shoots , and other items " .
No British aircraft were encountered and much damage was done in the area south of the fortress .
Offices or agencies that are each responsible for a specific geographical area manage the worldwide affairs of the organisation .
The Bintulu Government Secondary School was built in 1964 .
NR
WWE responded with a counterclaim after Lesnar breached the agreement by appearing at a New Japan Pro Wrestling show in 2004 .
A comprehensive manual was prepared on all aspects of the operation and it was considered that similar secret lookout posts should be prepared throughout the world in the event of future wars .
That afternoon over 1 @,@ 500 [UNK] residents built barricades , armed themselves with steel bars , wooden clubs and [UNK] , and told the police that they would not be allowed into the area .
Whereas oxygen and nitrogen typically act as nucleophiles due to their high electronegativity , [UNK] allow for electrophilic transfer of both heteroatoms .
When it got dark the survivors would split into small groups and try to get back to friendly lines .
The ram finally fell out of favour in the 1880s , as the same effect could be achieved with a torpedo , with less vulnerability to quick @-@ firing guns .
Lesnar 's team picked A @-@ Train to fill the fifth and final spot for them after he attacked John Cena , who refused to accept an invitation to join Lesnar 's team .
He believed that under these circumstances all pretence falls away , and the social being becomes the sum of its neuroses , which Bacon attempted to convey by reducing the subject to its bare @-@ bones features : a mouth , ears , eyes , a jaw .
B Company lost heavily in this action .
American ordnance experts accordingly preferred smoothbore monsters whose round shot could at least ' skip ' along the surface of the water .
The North Koreans broke from the houses , running for the river .
The non @-@ Jewish partner making this commitment became a " ger [UNK] " , or " non @-@ Jewish member of the Jewish people " .
@ 8 km ) east of the river and 5 miles ( 8 @.
However , many of the women wished to participate , and in the 1990s many of them began to paint .
Ball suspected his father was homosexual and used the idea to create Col. Fitts , a man who " gave up his chance to be himself " .
The sides of this deck sloped downwards to meet the bottom of the lower strake of the belt armour .
It was followed by " Fuiste Tú " ( featuring Gaby Moreno ) , which reached number one on the Latin Pop Songs , number two on the Latin Songs charts and topped several other national charts . "
The evidence of complex society developing in the Olmec heartland has led to the Olmecs being regarded as the " Mother Culture " of Mesoamerica , although this concept remains controversial .
Before the North American rental release on May 9 , Blockbuster Video wanted to purchase hundreds of thousands of extra copies for its " guaranteed title " range , whereby anyone who wanted to rent the film would be guaranteed a copy .
On 13 December 1943 , the War Office decided to expand the squadron into a regiment equipped with a combination of light tanks and conventional reconnaissance vehicles such as scout cars , and on 1 April 1944 , it was re @-@ designated as the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment .
[UNK] Rd " is a love song written to Taylor 's wife for helping him in his struggles against alcoholism and contemplation of suicide . "
In the Philippines , the depression killed one person and caused minor damage .
According to the plan , in late morning [UNK] 's column would emerge from the mountains first and launch a flanking assault on the French right .
Ware began with an agreement with France to build joint British and French cemeteries under the understanding that these would be maintained by the French government .
However , he never arrived .
After the trip , Kershaw announced his dream of building an orphanage in Lusaka , Zambia , which he called " Hope 's Home " after 11 @-@ year @-@ old Hope , an HIV @-@ positive child Kershaw met while in Zambia .
The army moved in in force on 18 August to dismantle the barricades .
Many of these U @-@ boats were themselves attacked negotiating the Strait of Gibraltar controlled by Britain .
Col. Fitts reacts with disgust to meeting Jim and Jim ; he asks , " How come these faggots always have to rub it in your face ?
The high @-@ pressure turbines drove the wing shafts while the low @-@ pressure turbines drove the inner shafts .
At 0600 UTC on June 18 , the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 215 km / h ( 135 mph ) , while the JMA estimated peak 10 minute winds of 150 km / h ( 90 mph ) .
The appearance of this delegation marked the tenth appearance of Chad at the Summer Olympics , the first been in 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and its seventh appearance since its Olympic hiatus between 1976 and 1980 .
He returned to feuding with The Undertaker .
Truth Rising ( 2010 )
In the late nineteenth century , José [UNK] y Serrano described a colossal head as having " Ethiopian " features and speculations that the Olmec had African origins resurfaced in 1960 in the work of Alfonso Medellín [UNK] and in the 1970s in the writings of Ivan van [UNK] .
@ 6 tons .
Suetonius and Cassius Dio favor Nero as the arsonist , so he could build a palatial complex .
The board also has an Honorary Artistic Adviser , Peter Inskip .
From the summer of 1796 until his retirement in 1800 he had been Chief of the Quartermaster General Staff of the Army , the Lower Rhine , the Rhine and the Army of Germany .
In December 759 , he briefly stayed in [UNK] ( modern Gansu ) .
In June 1941 , however , the British intelligence foiled a new attempt , by a German agent , to attach a mine alongside an Allied cargo ship .
Hugh Durham Award Mid @-@ season honors ( 2009 )
In total , he cut about 30 minutes from his original edit .
They had a shallow draft , allowing them to journey up smaller tributaries , and were very well suited for river operations .
The Olmecs are regarded as the first civilization to develop in Mesoamerica and the Olmec heartland is one of six cradles of civilization worldwide , the others being the Norte Chico culture of South America , the [UNK] culture of China 's Yellow River , the Indus Valley Civilization of south Asia , the civilization of ancient Egypt and the Sumerian civilization of ancient Iraq .
New Japan Pro Wrestling
As a poetic style it gave Modernism its start in the early 20th century , and is considered to be the first organized Modernist literary movement in the English language .
A subtropical ridge near Okinawa steered the nascent depression to the west @-@ northwest for much of its duration .
On 4 January , several incidents , including a couple exchanges of gunfire , suggested that the embassy 's security detail was insufficient to hold off armed Somalis until the USS Guam and USS Trenton arrived with their helicopters and soldiers , at that time scheduled to arrive on 7 January .
A loose @-@ limbed 180 @-@ pound freshman from Saginaw , Mich .
The La [UNK] colossal head was discovered in 1970 and was the fifteenth to be recorded .
Similar problems were experienced with the breech @-@ loading guns which became standard in the French and German navies .
After the showing Bacon gradually became " less the outsider with an occasional image of horrifying brilliance and more a force to be reckoned with on the contemporary scene " .
In response to the threat of invasion at Port Moresby , Nos.
The majority of the Bintulu population are adherents of Christian denominations due to Christian missionaries operating during the Brooke dynasty ; followed by Islam , Buddhism , and Hinduism .
Community organizations , including a local gay rights group , responded by standing vigil outside the synagogue during Passover services .
See also Image impedance # Derivation
During gunnery training on 5 May , there was a premature detonation in the left gun of Hyūga 's Turret No.
Silver that was mined in Mexico and Peru were exchanged for Chinese silk , Indian gems , and the spices of the Southeast Asia , some of which even flowed to Europe .
@ 15 @-@ 0 @.
During the first refueling , a pipe burst on one of the helicopters , dousing soldiers in fuel and nearly forcing a return to the Guam ; problems with the helicopters ' navigation system also complicated the refueling rendezvous .
His father would often drive him to Bloomington , to watch Indiana Hoosiers games . "
I know it 's been interpreted as being many other things . "
It stands 1 @.
During the martial law era , Manila became a hot @-@ bed of resistance activity as youth and student demonstrators repeatedly clashed with the police and military which were subservient to the Marcos regime .
Little Gidding was intended to conclude the Four Quartets series , summarising Eliot 's views expressed in this series of poems .
But Leonard 's biggest criticism of the book was Hitler 's speech , which he called " obscene " , and Steiner 's decision to end the book at that point , which Leonard said " not only denies the power of art to arrange and transcend , but ... makes me sick to my stomach . "
On February 7 , 2012 , Kershaw and the Dodgers agreed on a two @-@ year , $ 19 million contract .
The JMA also briefly initiated advisories before dropping them later on July 9 .
- Nominated
Although some have suggested the resemblance of this film to classic film noir , Mordden rejects the comparison based on Rossen 's ultra @-@ realistic style , also noting that the film lacks noir 's " Treacherous Woman or its relish in discovering crime among the bourgeoisie , hungry bank clerks and lusty wives . "
The fire arc of a turret would be considerably limited by masts and rigging , so they were unsuited to use on the earlier ocean @-@ going ironclads .
He believed he had been making a " much more whimsical , [ ... ] kaleidoscopic " film than what came together in the edit suite .
There are an estimated 4 million slum dwellers living in Manila as of 2014 .
It is likely that they were portraits of living ( or recently deceased ) rulers well known to the sculptors .
@ 4 metres ( 4 @.
@ 77 , and recorded 139 strikeouts in 64 innings pitched .
Professor Ann C. Hall disagrees ; she says by presenting an early resolution to the mystery , the film allows the audience to put it aside " to view the film and its philosophical issues " .
Standard Chinese is also spoken by ethnic Chinese in Bintulu .
Koni originated from a tropical depression situated within the monsoon trough to the east of the Philippines on July 15 .
Early tetrapods like [UNK] have thick stapes with poor impedance matching , so it is now thought that they were not used for hearing .
It currently has a combined production capacity of 2 @.
This ferry was located at the middle of the Naktong Bulge where the Yongsan road came down to the Naktong and crossed it .
The lips are thick and slightly parted ; the front of the lower lip has broken away completely , and the lower front of the headdress is pitted with 27 irregularly spaced artificial depressions .
The monsoon trough spawned a tropical depression north of Luzon on August 18 , with PAGASA naming it [UNK] .
He died in office on 30 July 734 .
When the attack finally ceased shortly after 12 : 00 the 23rd Regiment had an estimated combat efficiency of only 38 percent .
[UNK] have been found to be useful for the formation of highly acid sensitive epoxides .
On 6 April 1944 the first group of 1 @,@ 367 repatriates arrived on the Rock directly from the United Kingdom and on 28 May , the first repatriation party left Madeira , and by the end of 1944 only 520 non @-@ priority evacuees remained on the island .
@ 78 inHg ( 970 to 975 mb ) .
Violence reached a peak on 12 August 1969 , culminating in the Battle of the [UNK] — a three @-@ day pitched battle between residents and the RUC .
@ 93 km / h ; 0 @.
Lester 's epiphany at the end of the film is expressed by rain and the use of red , building to a crescendo that is a deliberate contrast to the release Lester feels .
When word of the disaster that had overtaken 1st Battalion reached regimental headquarters , Freeman obtained the release of G and F Companies from 2nd Division reserve and sent the former to help 1st Battalion and the latter on the southern road toward Pugong @-@ ni and C Company .
With 2 : 45 to go in the game , the score was 47 – 44 Butler .
He was followed by Myron Kinberg , who served from 1977 to 1994 , and Kinberg in turn was succeeded by Yitzhak Husbands @-@ Hankin .
August was a highly active month for tropical cyclogenesis , with a total of six tropical storms monitored by the JMA , JTWC , and PAGASA .
Juvenile individuals have bones that are thick enough to withstand this stress , and could probably move about on land .
Real @-@ life pool player Rudolf Wanderone , known at the time as " New York Fats " and " Chicago Fats " , claimed to be the real life inspiration for Gleason 's character , Minnesota Fats , and adopted the name as his own .
The system made landfall in northeastern Mindanao and dissipated on December 27 , bringing heavy rainfall .
Task Force Haynes became operational at 10 : 20 , September 1 .
The crew now numbered 1 @,@ 376 officers and enlisted men .
It is often held that the power of explosive shells to smash wooden hulls , as demonstrated by the Russian destruction of an Ottoman squadron at the Battle of Sinop , spelled the end of the wooden @-@ hulled warship .
NY 31B was assigned c .
Proximity fuze artillery fire decimated this group .
In September , after clashes between nationalist and unionist crowds that led to the death of a Protestant man , William King , the British Army erected a ' peace ring ' to enclose the nationalist population in the area they had previously controlled .
Manila was then settled by the Indianized empire of Majapahit as referenced in the epic eulogy poem Nagarakretagama which inscribed its conquest by Maharaja [UNK] [UNK] .
The three recent treatments ( Henderson and coauthors , Glassman , and [UNK] and Dransfield ) recognised a total of 73 species , but only 20 species are accepted by all of them .
The developments also facilitated the rise of an [UNK] class which espoused liberal ideas , the ideological foundations of the Philippine Revolution which sought independence from Spain .
These views were later popularized by the 18th @-@ century historian Edward Gibbon in his History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire .
[UNK] was one of the largest of the [UNK] , with an estimated weight of 500 kg ( 1 @,@ 100 lb ) .
A few days after the beginning of the operation , the tanks were removed from direct engagement with German armour and used only to provide fire support .
The horticultural neglect was largely addressed by 1950 but there were necessary structural repairs to be made .
The cheeks are pronounced and the ears are particularly well executed .
Yates and Warren also named [UNK] , a clade of small aquatic [UNK] from the Carboniferous , Permian , and Triassic .
@ 74 m ) .
Narnia web links , International links ' , International links from [UNK] web site
Most of the rose petals in Lester 's fantasies were added in post @-@ production , although some were real and had the wires holding them digitally removed .
The Metropolitan Museum of Manila exhibits the Filipino arts and culture .
Nero claimed that Britannicus died from an epileptic seizure , but ancient historians all claim Britannicus ' death came from Nero 's poisoning him .
On October 25 , 2002 Jacob Laskey , his brother Gabriel Laskey , Gerald Poundstone , Jesse Baker , and one other man , all members of the [UNK] , drove to Beth Israel with the intent of intimidating the congregants .
Only fragments of these books remain and what does remain was abridged and altered by John [UNK] , an 11th @-@ century monk .
Shackleton is an impact crater that lies at the south pole of the Moon .
Ford was included at least partly because of his strong influence on Pound , as the younger poet made the transition from his earlier , Pre @-@ Raphaelite @-@ influenced style towards a harder , more modern way of writing .
The genera [UNK] and [UNK] were described by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius in 1826 and 1837 respectively .
In the 1948 championship season , [UNK] scored eight touchdowns , caught 22 passes , and gained 610 yards ( 508 receiving and 102 rushing ) .
Two further issues , both edited by Lowell , were published in 1916 and 1917 .
To consolidate power , Nero executed a number of people in 62 and 63 including his rivals Pallas , [UNK] Plautus and Faustus Sulla .
Lim was succeeded by [UNK] [UNK] , who served as his vice @-@ mayor .
[UNK] was posthumously inducted into the Buffalo Broadcasters Hall of Fame in September 2007 .
On September 18 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Choi @-@ wan , the same day that PAGASA classified it as Tropical Storm [UNK] .
George Steiner , literary critic for The New Yorker and The New York Times , had written about the Holocaust in some of his previous books , including Anno Domini ( 1964 ) , Language and Silence ( 1967 ) and In Bluebeard 's Castle ( 1971 ) .
@ 8 ft ) high by 1 @.
Fruit usually have two or three seeds , although fewer or more are present in some species , and are usually brown , yellow , orange @-@ brown or purple when mature .
Nero also was reported to have kicked Poppaea to death in 65 before she could have his second child .
@ 6 million viewers , coming in sixth for the night .
Following the system 's naming , Chan @-@ hom temporarily meandered towards the northwest before resuming its northeasterly track .
Sports in Manila have a long and distinguished history .
Imagiste to some poems they were discussing .
Later in the month , PAGASA briefly issued advisories on Tropical Depression [UNK] on July 30 off the east coast of Mindanao .
Jack and Ezra rush to the hospital and find Mary , as a nurse , crying over the injured child .
They had to fight their way down the road through several roadblocks .
@ 07 ERA in April , but did so by walking 22 batters in 29 innings .
He was subsequently considered a saint .
TV Guide calls the film a " dark stunner " offering " a grim world whose only bright spot is the top of the pool table , yet [ with ] characters [ who ] maintain a shabby nobility and grace . "
It peaked at No.
Late in the evening , having been driven back repeatedly , the police fired canisters of CS gas into the crowd .
The change of government was welcome particularly to the senators , who had been harshly persecuted during Domitian 's reign .
For the later attack at Mobile Bay , the Union assembled four monitors as well as 11 wooden ships , facing the CSS Tennessee , the Confederacy 's most powerful ironclad and the gunboats CSS Morgan , CSS Gaines , CSS Selma .
<formula>
The city is serviced by the LRT @-@ 1 and LRT @-@ 2 which forms the LRTA system , as distinct from the MRT @-@ 3 which is under the MRTC system that services other parts of Metro Manila .
Tiridates retreated and Rome again controlled most of Armenia .
WWE confirmed it had granted Lesnar " a one @-@ off opportunity " to compete at UFC 200 before he would return to the company for SummerSlam on August 21 .
@ 47 to 3 @.
Thus , [UNK] possessed a hearing system supposedly ancestral to that of living amphibians and reptiles .
They had a metacentric height of 1 @.
He states that Nero 's persecution led to Peter and Paul 's deaths , but that Nero did not give any specific orders .
In the 19th century Manila was one of the most modern cities in Asia .
Some of the impedance terms and section terms used in this article are pictured in the diagram below .
The barricades were manned by unarmed ' auxiliaries ' .
The names [UNK] and [UNK] were chosen to replace Imbudo and Maemi respectively .
By this time , Chan @-@ hom had lost much of its convection due to wind shear .
Later in the Royal Rumble match , Lesnar attacked Goldberg and delivered an F @-@ 5 , enabling Kurt Angle to eliminate him .
Adjustments were required because all three experimental cemeteries went over budget .
He had previously worked for the United Jewish Appeal , and from 1959 to 1963 was the first Hillel rabbi at Syracuse University .
Charlie finds Eddie at Sarah 's and tries to persuade him to go back out on the road .
In 64 , Rome burned .
The construction of temporary causeways using the suitable and plentiful floodplain soils would have allowed a direct route across the floodplains to the San Lorenzo Plateau .
The following week , during The Miz 's [UNK] talk show , Raw Managing Supervisor Vickie Guerrero revealed herself as the one who signed Lesnar to a new contract to impress McMahon .
A charter of Thurstan 's , dating to around 1138 , names Osbert explicitly as Thurstan 's nephew .
Jack 's son is later injured in a coach accident and is taken to the hospital .
They were replaced by guitarist Greg " [UNK] " Harrison and bassist Kurt Blankenship , leaving vocalist and founding member Jared Gomes as the group 's only remaining original talent .
Unlike semiaquatic [UNK] , terrestrial [UNK] have skulls that are adapted for biting land @-@ living prey .
Afterwards they played a minor role in the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War .
@ 64 to 28 @.
Girolamo Cardano
Steam @-@ powered screw frigates were built in the mid @-@ 1840s , and at the end of the decade the French Navy introduced steam power to its line of battle .
Winter estates and hotels on Palm Beach generally sustained little material damage , except to vegetation , and county properties went largely unscathed .
The situation was further aggravated by the absence of a clear successor , made more pressing because of Nerva 's old age and sickness .
In the First Battle of Naktong Bulge , the North Korean division was unable to hold its bridgehead across the river as large numbers of US reserve forces were brought in to repel it , and on August 19 , the NK 4th Division was forced back across the river with 50 percent casualties .
Between Dürenstein and Stein , on the flood plain , lay the hamlets of [UNK] and [UNK] .
Gore was involved in a variety of charitable causes , and was a major benefactor of Harvard College , where the first library was named in his honor .
[UNK] , and it is accepted by [UNK] and Dransfield .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
At 02 : 00 , B Company was attacked .
These qualities were displayed in the two surviving manuscripts of his riddles and four of his Ars [UNK] .
After his match at WrestleMania XX , Lesnar sidelined his career in WWE to pursue a career in the National Football League ( NFL ) despite not playing American football since high school .
Literary conservatives could look to his technical mastery , while literary radicals were inspired by his innovations .
As of 2014 , led by Husbands @-@ Hankin and Dolin , Beth Israel had approximately 400 member households , and was the largest synagogue in Eugene .
Bacon 's approach differs to Velázquez 's in a number of ways : both artists were expressive , yet Bacon 's broad brush @-@ strokes and freedom with paint contrast with Velázquez 's tight and controlled treatment .
The first single from Independiente is " El Amor " , released on 23 August 2011 .
@ 5 % to 93 @.
Kirby games contain elements of unrestricted , creative movement as a general theme .
11 and 20 Squadrons were transferred to the newly formed No.
Trailing 50 – 49 with under 30 seconds remaining , Michigan State came up empty and was forced to foul .
@ 4 ft ) wide by 1 @.
Many headstones are for unidentified casualties ; they consequently bear only what could be discovered from the body .
When a new constitution restored the bicameral Congress , the House of Representatives stayed at the Batasang Pambansa Complex , while the Senate remained at the Old Congress Building .
@ 08 @-@ mile ( 69 @.
The rapid evolution of warship design in the late 19th century transformed the ironclad from a wooden @-@ hulled vessel that carried sails to supplement its steam engines into the steel @-@ built , turreted battleships and cruisers familiar in the 20th century .
Mendes said , " That happened three or four times , and they are all in the movie . "
Director Saul Metzstein explained that it was difficult to achieve the desired look for the snowmen ; the first ones he likened to [UNK] from Rainbow which was too " cute " of an appearance , and so the effects team created more menacing CGI faces .
[UNK] is also the Hebrew word used to indicate that " there are issues here beyond our wisdom to answer or decide . "
With minimal wind shear , the storm strengthened further and developed a large eye .
Logan and Dick ( Ryan Hansen ) go surfing , and they run into Veronica , Piz , and Mac helping Wallace ( Percy Daggs III ) with his final project for a class .
Rankings by ESPN 's Andy Katz and Fox Sports ' Jeff Goodman released shortly after the 2010 Championship game both had Butler third for the 2010 – 2011 season .
@ 1 million in North America and $ 226 @.
On 1 January , 98 , at the start of his fourth consulship , Nerva suffered a stroke during a private audience .
In a developing cyclone , the technique takes advantage of the fact that cyclones of similar intensity tend to have certain characteristic features , and as they strengthen , they tend to change in appearance in a predictable manner .
Helen Badgley as the poor little girl
For the second consecutive year , the Bulldogs fell in the national championship game , this time to Connecticut .
[UNK] commissioned another showing to be held in 1950 , for which Bacon painted three large popes modelled on Velázquez 's portrait .
Once a pattern is identified , the storm features ( such as length and curvature of banding features ) are further analyzed to arrive at a particular T @-@ number .
The nature of the projectiles also changed during the ironclad period .
The film 's tagline — " look closer " — originally came from a cutting pasted on Lester 's workplace cubicle by the set dresser .
Suetonius also mentions Nero punishing Christians , though he does so because they are " given to a new and mischievous superstition " and does not connect it with the fire .
The primary tasks of the brigade were to bring in reinforcements and supplies , and to aid the two parachute brigades in consolidating the area held by the division ; the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Squadron was to aid in the latter task , acting as a reconnaissance force to scout out German positions and impede the movement of German forces attempting to counter @-@ attack .
A 70 @-@ metre @-@ long ( 229 ft 8 in ) flight deck was built above the stern and stretched forward to the rebuilt aft superstructure .
1 or No.
Out of the windup , Kershaw lowers his right foot vertically with a slight pause before moving it forward toward the plate .
Most were formed from coarse grained dark grey basalt known as Cerro [UNK] basalt after a volcano in the range .
Cruz district is the see of the Episcopal Church in the Philippines ' Diocese of Central Philippines , while align Taft Avenue are the main cathedral and central offices of the Iglesia Filipina Independiente ( also called the [UNK] Church , a national church that was a product of the Philippine Revolution ) .
In total , 281 diplomats and civilians from 30 countries were evacuated , including 12 heads of missions ( eight ambassadors and four [UNK] d 'affaires ) .
Particularly heavy fighting took place at the Battle of the Bowling Alley where the NK 13th Division was almost completely destroyed in the attack .
The player loses a life if Kirby hits the edge of the screen .
Its establishment was six PBY Catalina flying boats and 133 personnel , but only five aircraft ( all transferred from No.
Another is that they evolved from [UNK] , most likely the [UNK] .
" The Snowmen " was initially released as a standalone on DVD and Blu @-@ ray in the UK and North America .
The face has a typically frowning brow and , unusually , has clearly defined eyelids .
The Snowmen " was met with mostly positive reviews from critics , most of whom received the introduction and character of Clara well .
The result was a surge of support for the IRA .
General Douglas MacArthur declared Manila an open city to prevent further death and destruction ; despite this , the Japanese warplanes continued to bomb the city .
<formula>
This was a remarkable honour , not only because he held this office early under the new regime , but also because it was an ordinary consulship ( instead of a less prestigious suffect consulship ) , making him one of the few non @-@ Flavians to be honoured in this way under Vespasian .
= National record
Rosenfeld noted that while Holocaust literature often either soars to " expostulation and apostrophe " , or sinks to " a dwindling sob of elegiac lament " , Steiner 's Lieber " mediates between these two extremes , ... simultaneously records and mourns , coldly enumerates yet carries an immense affect " .
Family [UNK] ( [UNK] )
In preparation for Callaghan 's visit the " Free Derry " wall was painted white and the " You are now entering Free Derry " sign was professionally re @-@ painted in black lettering .
It is located right beside the Manila City Hall .
He was sent to its developmental territory , Ohio Valley Wrestling .
The War Office authorised the construction of three prototype models in April 1941 .
[UNK] is a popular mode of transportation in Intramuros and nearby places such as Binondo , Ermita and the Rizal Park .
@ 2 / 10 ; the critical consensus reads , " [UNK] cast and brimming with dark , acid wit , American Beauty is a smart , provocative high point of late ' 90s mainstream Hollywood film . "
He keeps the ball hidden so that it is hard for the batter to pick up the ball and has a consistent overhand delivery on all of his pitches .
Nine days later , on 29 May , the Official IRA declared a ceasefire .
The 2003 Pacific typhoon season was a slightly below average yearlong period of tropical cyclogenesis exhibiting the development of 31 tropical depressions , of which 21 became named storms ; of those , 14 became typhoons .
Spielberg — who visited the set a few times — also advised Mendes not to worry about costs if he had a " great idea " toward the end of a long working day .
Damian Butt from Sega Pro also praised the graphics , stating that the game has " without [ a ] doubt some of the best graphics around " and that " the sprites and backgrounds are consistently excellent . "
Don Henley
In the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic ( 228 @.
Atmospheric divergence was also prevalent in the same regions , resulting in enhanced tropical cyclogenesis east of the Philippines in 2003 ; the mean region of development of tropical systems during the year was more southwest than the 1971 – 2000 30 @-@ year average .
It peaked at No.
His total compensation for 2009 – 10 was estimated at US $ 750 @,@ 000 .
It received final ratings of 9 @.
Manila Bulletin , the Philippines ' largest broadsheet newspaper by circulation , is headquartered inside Intramuros .
Schmitt 's column was expected to be the last to join the fight because it had to march the greatest distance .
In March 1943 an ammunition dump was blown up by Calvo 's agents .
Finally , Steiner said that his Hitler ( A. H. ) is " a fictive figure " , and that it is not he who has the last word , but [UNK] , the Indian tracker , who shouts " Proven " .
In the January 1 , 1948 Rose Bowl that season , Michigan rolled to a 49 – 0 victory over USC , and they outgained the Trojans 491 yards to 133 .
The site chosen at Lord Airey 's Battery on the southern tip of the Rock already had an existing tunnelling scheme for a shelter .
Frederick Warde as Ezra Greer
Independiente debuted at the top of the Billboard Top Latin Albums for the week ending 22 October 2011 , and remained at that position the following week .
The front wheels could be steered to allow for gentle turns by bending the tracks .
Warrior also illustrates two design features which aided hybrid propulsion ; she had retractable screws to reduce drag while under sail ( though in practice the steam engine was run at a low throttle ) , and a telescopic funnel which could be folded down to the deck level .
Plans to make the Chinatown area into a business process outsourcing ( BPO ) hub progresses and is aggressively pursued by the city government of Manila .
This belief came to be known as the Nero [UNK] Legend .
The port of Bintulu is the busiest in Sarawak .
Despite Heyman begging McMahon not to let The Undertaker use his cast as a weapon , the request was denied and the match went on as planned .
American Film Institute Lists
A Company , 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , moved to the south side of the Yongsan @-@ Naktong River road ; D Company of the 2nd Engineer Battalion was on the north side of the road .
Five singles have been released from the album .
Turan suggested that American Beauty may have benefited from Mendes ' inexperience , as his " anything 's possible daring " made him attempt beats that more seasoned directors might have avoided .
Its mission in the forthcoming attack was to outflank and destroy the US troops at Naktong Bulge by capturing the Miryang and Samnangjin areas to cut off the US 2nd Division 's route of supply and withdrawal between Taegu and Pusan .
NJCAA All @-@ American ( 1997 , 1998 )
The former routing of NY 3 along Shawnee , Lower Mountain , Gothic Hill , and Upper Mountain roads was redesignated as NY 3A even though all of NY 3 's former routing was already part of either NY 425 or NY 93 .
In the 1950s , especially , with the Beat generation , the Black Mountain poets , and others associated with the San Francisco Renaissance .
This is no load of bull ; it 's no WWE stunt .
On July 4 , Lesnar made his first non @-@ televised wrestling appearance for WWE since his 2012 return , defeating Kofi Kingston at The Beast in the East live event in Tokyo in a quick winning effort ; he also delivered F @-@ 5s to Kingston 's New Day stablemates Big E and Xavier Woods after the match .
Head 3 has been moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
Nonetheless , the JMA classified the pressure area as a tropical depression west of the Marshall Islands at 0600 UTC on January 15 .
The Strait would be effectively closed to the Allies once Gibraltar was in German hands , forcing Asia @-@ bound Allied shipping to steam all the way around Africa rather than to proceed to the east via the shorter route through the Mediterranean and the Suez Canal .
During the mid @-@ 1930s reconstruction the torpedo tubes were removed and the Vickers two @-@ pounders were replaced by twenty license @-@ built Hotchkiss 25 mm Type 96 light AA guns in 10 twin @-@ gun mounts .
Unlike its predecessors , this Free Derry was marked by a strong IRA presence , both Official and Provisional .
In the early 730s , he travelled in the Jiangsu / Zhejiang area ; his earliest surviving poem , describing a poetry contest , is thought to date from the end of this period , around 735 .
Gloire 's wooden hull was modelled on that of a steam ship of the line , reduced to one deck , sheathed in iron plates 4 @.
UK overnight ratings showed that the special had been watched by 7 @.
The North Koreans apparently were not aware of the Task Force Manchu group lower down on the hill and it was not attacked during the night .
They had only recently been moved into the line .
Typhoon Lupit formed on November 18 from the monsoon trough to the west of the Marshall Islands .
The gravestones , cemeteries and buildings of the Commission are no exception .
Samuel [UNK] suffered a heart attack four days after his beating .
The embassy had just six Marine guards , whose job was limited to protecting the chancery .
@ 8 in ) of Vickers cemented armour amidships ; below it was a strake of 100 mm ( 3 @.
At this time , Gale decided to avoid , when possible , engaging the Tetrarchs with German armour , as they proved to be completely outclassed by the German tanks and self @-@ propelled guns , such as the Panzer IV and the Sturmgeschütz III .
@ 7 million tonnes per annum .
For example , when Eddie is playing Findley , Eddie is positioned below Bert in a two shot but above Findley while still below Bert in a three shot .
He managed to win a seat later , when a special election was held after resignations opened several seats .
Mendes took a long time to get the quality of Ricky 's footage to the level he wanted .
In the 13th century , Manila consisted of a fortified settlement and trading quarter at the shores of the Pasig River , on top of previous older towns .
The head has been moved to the Museo del Estado de Tabasco in Villahermosa .
Since then ( and up to the Beijing games ) , at least one woman has been a part of the Chadian delegation .
The rear turrets , the barbettes and their supporting structures were removed beginning in early 1943 and the openings in the middle deck were covered by 152 mm plates salvaged from the turret armour .
[UNK] [UNK] represented Chad at the Beijing Olympics in the men 's 100 meters dash .
@ 9 ft ) wide by 1 @.
Ball said he had to write it for his own benefit to know what happened to Col. Fitts , though all that remained in later drafts was subtext .
While a service with 80 members attending was taking place , the men threw rocks etched with Nazi swastikas through the synagogue 's stained glass windows , then sped off .
Imagists use free verse .
Sylvester makes a further direct link between the folds and the transparent veil in Titian 's Portrait of Cardinal Filippo [UNK] .
The JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) , before an approaching trough caused the typhoon to accelerate northeastward .
The first ironclads were built on wooden or iron hulls , and protected by wrought iron armor backed by thick wooden planking .
When King left his post in May 1803 he named Gore to head the London embassy as chargé d 'affaires .
Josepha [UNK] 's works are strongly coloured and formalist in composition and regularly appear at commercial art auctions in Australia .
The upper portion of the headdress is decorated with a U @-@ shaped motif .
In the script that was sent to prospective actors and directors , Lester and Angela had sex ; by the time of shooting , Ball had rewritten the scene to the final version .
By this time , the Union had completed seven ironclad gunboats of the City class , and was about to complete the USS Monitor , an innovative design proposed by the Swedish inventor John Ericsson .
Lesnar wrestled several dark matches in 2001 and 2002 before being called up to the main roster .
Recent studies show these dense assemblages were instead probably the result of currents accumulating dead individuals in certain areas .
@ 2 in ) thick and the lower armoured deck also consisted of two layers of high @-@ tensile steel , but only 30 mm ( 1 @.
The boulders were transported over 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) from the source of the stone .
In addition to its commanding position , Gibraltar provided a strongly defended harbour from which ships could operate in both the Atlantic and the Mediterranean .
Within [UNK] , Yates and Warren erected two major clades : [UNK] and [UNK] .
Despite his achievements and unprecedented feat as the Mayor of Manila , however , Estrada was re @-@ elected as Manila mayor in the 2016 election against Lim and Amado [UNK] , only winning by an infinitesimal 2 @,@ 830 votes .
He puts a strong emphasis on defensive and team oriented basketball .
Written by Phil Klemmer and directed by Jason Bloom , the episode premiered on The CW on May 22 , 2007 .
Another species of [UNK] called [UNK] annectens is now thought to be even more closely related to lissamphibians .
Mendes encouraged some improvisation ; for example , when Lester masturbates in bed beside Carolyn , the director asked Spacey to improvise several euphemisms for the act in each take .
After defeating the ancient spirit guarding the treasure , Donald opens the vault only to find a simple stone statue .
The first is that the visionary figure has now become somewhat more definite and will no doubt be identified by some readers with Yeats though I do not mean anything so precise as that .
In 60 , a major rebellion broke out in the province of Britannia .
On August 23 , he struck out Matt Holliday of the St. Louis Cardinals for his 200th strikeout of the season and became the 10th Dodger pitcher to record back @-@ to @-@ back 200 strikeout seasons and the first since Chan @-@ Ho Park did it in the 2001 season .
Vickers @-@ Armstrong installed on the Mk VIIs a 2 @-@ pounder 40 @-@ millimetre ( 1 @.
The guns had a rate of fire of 1 @.
In Schmitt 's absence Weyrother , the architect of the Austrian catastrophe at Hohenlinden in 1800 , was chosen to develop the general battle plan of Coalition action at Austerlitz .
For example , the pictured low @-@ pass half @-@ section has
The garage windows were designed specifically to obtain the crucial shot toward the end of the film in which Col. Fitts — watching from Ricky 's bedroom — mistakenly assumes that Lester is paying Ricky for sex .
The mutinous legions were sent to the front of Illyricum , while those who had assisted in their defeat were duly rewarded .
The police , who were at the scene , chatted to the B @-@ Specials as they prepared their ambush , and then failed to protect the marchers , many of whom ran into the river and were pelted with stones from the bank .
Composed and written in a year , the record marks Arjona and Torres ' fourth collaboration .
Systems with small eyes near the limb , or edge , of a satellite image can be biased too weakly using the technique , which can be resolved through use of polar @-@ orbiting satellite imagery .
Afterward , Bert tells Eddie that he has talent as a pool player but no character .
Still , there are several references to Nero in Pliny 's Natural Histories .
Si Tu No [UNK] " was released in November 2012 as the set 's fifth and final single , and was intended to promote the re @-@ release of the album .
The team won its next two games beating # 15 Ohio State 74 – 66 and edging out former conference rival Xavier 69 – 68 , both at home .
F.S.
With warm waters , Maemi was able to maintain much of its intensity before it made landfall just west of Busan , South Korea on September 12 .
With Angle temporarily put out of action , Lesnar 's rivalry with Heyman and the Big Show resumed , which culminated in a match at the Royal Rumble in January 2003 with the winner being placed into the Royal Rumble later in the evening .
The original location of the La [UNK] head was not a major archaeological site and it is likely that the head was either abandoned at its source or during transport to its intended destination .
Caught between two strong forces , Gazan attempted to push his way back through Dürenstein , to reach the river where the flotilla could evacuate his exhausted troops .
During his freshman year , he would get up early to practice shooting at a local gym before school .
A protest in the city centre led to clashes with " [UNK] " — unionists in sympathy with the anti @-@ civil rights stance of Ian Paisley .
It was 6 metres ( 19 ft 8 in ) high and designed to stow nine aircraft .
and for a chain of n half @-@ sections
He confronts Dr. Simeon and find a large glass globe in Simeon 's office that contains psychic snow .
The postcranial skeleton does not develop at the same rate as the skull , with ossification ( the replacement of cartilage by bone ) happening more slowly .
@ 7 million was also the largest ever for a baseball player , beating the $ 28 million Roger Clemens received in 2007 and the 10 @-@ year , $ 275 million contract that Alex Rodriguez signed that same year .
Northrop Grumman in Newport News constructed a full @-@ scale replica of USS Monitor .
It was adapted for the theatre by British playwright Christopher Hampton and was staged in London in April 1982 with Alec McCowen playing the part of Adolf Hitler .
A former basketball player , he grew up in [UNK] , Indiana , where he starred on the [UNK] Community High School basketball team , setting four school records .
” Television Without Pity did not grant the episode a rating but lauded the characterization of Weevil , stating , “ This is the most consistently written character on the show , bar none .
Steered by the same nearby subtropical ridge , [UNK] would continue to track towards the northeast into a less favorable tropical cyclone environment .
The Bulldogs then won the Horizon League Tournament to secure an automatic NCAA tournament bid , and received an 8 seed .
She was also an enthusiastic champion of literary experiment who was willing to use her money to publish the group .
Because of the limited endurance of steamships , this was no longer possible , so the British at times considered the risk @-@ laden plan of engaging an enemy fleet in harbor as soon as war broke out .
@ 55 in ) of armour .
The absence of any form of paving between the headstone rows contributes to the simplicity of the cemetery designs .
Bintulu Government Secondary School was opened in 1964 .
Anthony " Tiny [UNK] " [UNK] — drums ( 2007 – 2008 )
Veils or curtains appear in Bacon 's earliest works , notably the 1949 Study from the Human Body , always in portraits and always in front of , rather than behind , the figure .
Masses of rock were blasted out to build an " underground city " .
After Austerlitz Austria withdrew from the war .
On 15 March 2011 , [UNK] was ruled out for five weeks following a knee injury , so Amos was recalled from Oldham to cover for Edwin van der Sar and Tomasz [UNK] .
In 1965 , Dutch taxonomist Jan Gerard Wessels Boer estimated that there may be as many as 100 species in the genus .
Currently , 45 % of Malaysian natural gas is found at Central Luconia off the coast of Bintulu .
The storm caused ₱ 131 million ( PHP , $ 2 @.
Du Fu , who had been away from the city , took his family to a place of safety and attempted to join the court of the new emperor ( [UNK] ) , but he was captured by the rebels and taken to Chang 'an .
For cemeteries in France and Belgium , a land tablet near the entrance or along a wall identifies the cemetery grounds as having been provided by the French or Belgian governments .
[UNK] played professionally in the National Football League ( NFL ) with the Detroit Lions for one season in 1950 .
@ 6 billion by 2016 , spent from 2013 to 2016 an unprecedented ₱ 6 @.
He returned to Massachusetts in 1804 and reentered state politics , running unsuccessfully for governor several times before winning in 1809 .
The Commission , as part of its mandate , is responsible for commemorating all Commonwealth war dead individually and equally .
During about 210 million years of evolutionary history , they adapted to a wide range of habitats , including fresh water , terrestrial , and even coastal marine environments .
But the United Press report ended on an ominous note with : " French reprisals are imminent . "
Beth Israel came under attack from neo @-@ Nazi members of the [UNK] twice , in 1994 and again in 2002 .
Late on November 1 , a large eye redeveloped , and the JTWC estimated [UNK] attained peak 1 minute sustained winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) .
During the season , tropical cyclones affected the Philippines , Japan , China , the Korean Peninsula , Indochina , and various islands in the western Pacific .
They were not involved in the fighting .
The mouth is sensitively carved and the head possesses a pronounced chin .
It was defended by armed paramilitaries — a no @-@ go area , one in which British security forces were unable to operate .
[UNK] arrived first and immediately assaulted Gazan 's line with three battalions , pushing the French out of Dürenstein .
The band of the headdress is set at an angle and has a notch above the bridge of the nose .
McAllen , Texas .
At 03 : 00 , 1 September , the 9th Infantry Regiment ordered its only reserve , E Company to move west along the Yongsan @-@ Naktong River road and take a blocking position at the pass between Cloverleaf Hill and Obong @-@ ni Ridge , 3 miles ( 4 @.
The shooting script features a scene in Angela 's car in which Ricky and Jane talk about death and beauty ; the scene differed from earlier versions , which set it as a " big scene on a freeway " in which the three witness a car crash and see a dead body .
Roll Bounce
The bombs started numerous leaks and Ise began to settle by the bow , although she was returned to an even keel after three @-@ days pumping .
When pressed again by [UNK] in 1953 to produce works for a New York show that she had been publicising for a year , he was full of doubt and destroyed most of what he had been working on , including several other popes .
@ 2 mph ) .
Lester 's re @-@ examination of his life parallels feelings Ball had in his mid @-@ 30s ; like Lester , Ball put aside his passions to work in jobs he hated for people he did not respect .
A sniper and a spotter were positioned on the embassy 's water tower ( the highest structure in the compound ) and came under fire ; they were ordered to not return fire and soon thereafter ordered to leave their position on the water tower .
In February 2000 , American Beauty was nominated for eight Academy Awards ; its closest rivals , The Cider House Rules and The Insider , received seven nominations each .
The system was fitted during June 1941 , as the Tetrarch was the lightest light tank available at the time ; the converted tank was successfully tested on a number of lakes and reservoirs , allowing the Duplex Drive system to be tested on heavier tanks , such as the Valentine .
At 1200 UTC on May 20 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Chan @-@ hom .
Iron and wood were to some extent interchangeable : the Japanese Kongō and Hiei ordered in 1875 were sister @-@ ships , but one was built of iron and the other of composite construction .
@ 9 km / h ; 8 @.
39 – 65 ) has one of the kindest accounts of Nero 's rule .
Only 53 % of the film 's rentals were from large outlets in the first week , compared with the usual 65 % .
The Commission is also responsible for commemorating Commonwealth civilians who died as a result of enemy action during World War II .
However , the French crews did report encountering heavy anti @-@ aircraft fire .
The producers met with about 20 interested directors , several of whom were considered " A @-@ list " at the time .
@ 3 ft ) high by 1 @.
Coastal currents of the Gulf of Mexico and in river estuaries might have made the waterborne transport of monuments weighing 20 tons or more impractical .
In December , the JTWC and PAGASA monitored a sole tropical system east of the Philippines , though the JMA did not monitor or classify any tropical cyclones during the month .
The system would be used during Operation Overlord , when M4 Sherman medium tanks would land on the invasion beaches .
These attacks stalled as UN forces , well equipped and with plenty of reserves , repeatedly repelled North Korean attacks .
Every grave is marked with a headstone .
Other memorials followed : the Helles Memorial in Gallipoli designed by John James Burnet ; the Thiepval Memorial on the Somme and the Arras Memorial designed by Edwin Lutyens ; and the Basra Memorial in Iraq designed by Edward Prioleau Warren .
The 1st Platoon , 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion , was to transport it across the river in assault boats the night of August 31 .
The Gliders won bronze .
The other head was found in Complex B to the south of the Great Pyramid , in a plaza that included a number of other sculptures .
Lesnar 's next defense was against undefeated top contender Cain Velasquez on October 23 , at the Honda Center in Anaheim , California at UFC 121 .
The Peroxide process for the industrial production of hydrazine through the oxidation of ammonia with hydrogen peroxide in the presence of ketones was developed in the early 1970s .
Another crane was intended on the starboard side , but it was never fitted .
The relationship of both parties turned bitter , with the two pitting again during the 2010 city elections in which Lim won against [UNK] .
The nature and degree of the control exercised by the centres over a widespread rural population remains unclear .
In 2015 , an ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as " the most accomplished athlete in pro wrestling history " .
The film implies two unfulfilled incestuous desires : Lester 's pursuit of Angela is a manifestation of his lust for his own daughter , while Col. Fitts ' repression is exhibited through the almost sexualized discipline with which he controls Ricky .
The upper lip has suffered recent damage , with the left portion flaking away .
Kirby 's Block Ball was released for the Game Boy first in Japan in 1995 and later in Europe ( 1995 ) and North America ( May 1996 ) .
In the latter city , the storm spawned a tornado , which caused about $ 10 @,@ 000 in property damage .
Originally from England , he was a graduate of University of London and Oxford University , and was ordained at the Hebrew Theological Seminary .
The town is also represented by three state assembly seats – [UNK] , [UNK] ( later was split by two state assembly namely Tanjung Batu and Samalaju ) , and [UNK] – in the Sarawak State Legislative Assembly .
At age 17 , he joined the National Guard , where he was assigned to an office job after his red @-@ green [UNK] was deemed hazardous to his desire to work with explosives .
The monument stands 1 @.
One month later , the plane was found to have crashed off the coast of Tanjung Datu , Bintulu .
The US 2nd Infantry Division now had to base its defense of Yongsan on relatively poor defensive terrain , the low hills at the western edge of the town .
[UNK] takes advantage of this rearrangement as the key step in his synthesis of ( + ) [UNK] , a natural medicine classified by the NIH as possibly effective in the treatment of erectile dysfunction and the sexual problems caused by selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors .
The securities he purchased were paper that had been given to Continental Army soldiers in lieu of pay , which they often sold at a steep discount .
After initially falling behind , Eddie surges back to being $ 1 @,@ 000 ahead and suggests raising the bet to $ 1 @,@ 000 a game ; Fats agrees .
They resembled salamanders , and some taxa , such as the genus [UNK] , even retained external gills like the modern @-@ day axolotl .
Some [UNK] have the unique property of [UNK] stable nitrogen atoms at room temperature due to an inversion barrier of 24 to 31 kcal / mol .
During the 1860s , steam engines improved with the adoption of double @-@ expansion steam engines , which used 30 – 40 % less coal than earlier models .
Fisherman 's , sometimes while delaying
Across the river in the rice paddies they could see , in the afternoon of August 31 , two large groups of North Korean soldiers .
Nevertheless , the studio offered the film to Mike Nichols and Robert Zemeckis ; neither accepted .
Nero 's previous advisor , Seneca was ordered to commit suicide after admitting he discussed the plot with the conspirators .
@ 75 million MT ( million tonnes ) .
Two CH @-@ 53E Super Stallions carrying a 60 @-@ man security detail — 51 Marines and nine Navy SEALs — departed Guam at 02 : 47 , 466 nautical miles ( 863 km ; 536 mi ) from the embassy , and were expected to arrive at 06 : 20 .
At 22 : 00 , [UNK] and Caldwell and 27 enlisted men slipped off the hill in groups of four .
The Cayuga County section of former NY 31B was transferred to the county one year later on April 1 , 1981 , and designated as CR 31B for the state route that preceded it .
@ 312 in ) [UNK] machine gun , and mounted the two guns in a two @-@ man turret .
Planning began in earnest as the ships got underway , with a combined command center on Guam .
For instance , a handful of US navy monitors laid down in the 1870s saw active service in World War I. Pre @-@ Dreadnought battleships and cruisers of the 1890s saw widespread action in World War I and in some cases through to World War II .
@ 8 ft ) deep .
Constraints on short term intensity change are used less frequently than they were back in the 1970s and 1980s .
[UNK] of D Company , senior surviving officer .
They were also armed with a single 8 @-@ millimetre ( 0 @.
Josepha [UNK] [UNK] ( born ca .
He hires men to collect samples of snow , which he places in a large snow @-@ filled globe in his laboratory before feeding the men to a group of animated snowmen .
[UNK] 's paintings have been included at exhibitions in several private galleries in Melbourne and Hong Kong , as well as at the Australian embassy in Washington in 2001 .
@ 8 ft ) wide by 1 @.
Butt criticized Donald 's controls in certain situations in the game , as well as the difficulty of some levels and puzzles .
Although the Geelong games had attracted crowds of no more than 500 , the moved game had an attendance of 2 @,@ 200 .
Upon drafting a new charter for Manila in June 1901 , the Americans made official what had long been tacit : that the City of Manila was not Intramuros alone but also all its [UNK] .
Conrad Hall was not the first choice for director of photography ; Mendes believed he was " too old and too experienced " to want the job , and he had been told that Hall was difficult to work with .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 4 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 4 ) weighs 6 tons and has been moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa .
PAGASA names for storms are provided in parentheses .
Broadcast by Televisa , the program showcased the fourteen songs on Independiente .
For example , what Andrew Henderson considered a single species , [UNK] [UNK] , other authors have considered a species complex consisting of four or five species .
Beyond Borders ( Hollywood )
The Baby Vamp seeks out Jack , but finds Ezra who convinces her to leave Jack .
She helps Weevil retrace his steps and notices one of her criminology classmates , Jenny ( Dianna Agron ) , involved with one of Weevil ’ s clients .
The Chinese Commercial News , the Philippines ' oldest existing Chinese @-@ language newspaper , and the country 's third @-@ oldest existing newspaper is headquartered in Binondo .
At 23 : 00 a small arms fight flared around the left side of A Company north of the tanks .
Hall 's approach was to create peaceful compositions that evoked classicism , to contrast with the turbulent on @-@ screen events and allow audiences to take in the action .
The face is smiling and has wrinkles under the eyes and at the edge of the mouth .
@ 76 billion for the city 's infrastructure , built and or renovated seven city public markets , built 22 schools , increased teachers ' incomes , modernized the six city hospitals and bought dialysis machines and magnetic resonance imaging scanners , increased the efficiency of the police force and reduced crime .
As of the end of the 2012 London Olympics , there have been no medalists from Chad .
The Tetrarchs were transported and landed in specially designed General Aircraft Hamilcar gliders .
The Minnesota Vikings worked out Lesnar on June 11 , 2004 but he was hampered by the groin injury suffered in the April motorcycle accident .
Freeman immediately ordered the artillery to fire on the column , reducing its number .
The first was the Light Tank Mk VIII , Vickers @-@ Armstrong 's proposed successor to the Tetrarch .
The police action caused outrage in the nationalist area of Derry , and at a meeting four days later the Derry Citizens ' Action Committee ( [UNK] ) was formed , with John Hume as chairman and Ivan Cooper as vice @-@ chairman .
Meanwhile , Veronica and Piz ( Chris Lowell ) come to terms with Veronica 's FBI internship , and a sex tape of this couple is released on the internet .
Crosby , Stills & Nash
Butler was nationally ranked for a school and league record 19 consecutive weeks .
Small , regularly spaced pits are the first to form , followed by larger ridges .
A screenwriter during the 1930s and ' 40s , he had been involved with the Communist Party in the 1930s and refused to name names at his first HUAC appearance .
Coming under the control of No.
This was the genesis of the Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program , the development of a cohesive battle line of sixteen capital ships .
The controversy grew further when the faithful stage adaptation ( " too faithful " , according to Steiner ) was performed in the United Kingdom and the United States .
@ 6 metres ( 5 @.
Other specimens were found in the red sandstone of Warwickshire .
The perimeter position taken by the men of D and H Companies , 9th Infantry , who had started up the hill before the North Koreans struck , was on a southern knob of Hill 209 , 0 @.
The rejection of conventional verse forms in the nineteen @-@ twenties owed much to the Imagists repudiation of the Georgian Poetry style .
Clade [UNK]
Reconstruction took place afterwards , replacing the destroyed historic Spanish @-@ era buildings with modern ones , erasing much of the city 's character .
He played in youth sports leagues as a child , including Little League Baseball .
In March 1915 , the Commission , with the support of the Red Cross , began to dispatch photographic prints and cemetery location information in answer to the requests .
The workforce would have included sculptors , labourers , overseers , boatmen , [UNK] and other [UNK] producing the tools to make and move the monument , in addition to the support needed to feed and otherwise attend to these workers .
Beth Swofford of the Creative Artists Agency arranged meetings for Mendes with studio figures in Los Angeles to see if film direction was a possibility .
The coffins of General Sikorski and his Chief @-@ of @-@ Staff , General [UNK] , were draped in the Polish National Flag and lay in state in the Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned .
Kiss You " had sold 207 @,@ 000 digital downloads in the US by 18 January 2013 .
It was reactivated as an airfield support squadron in April 2015 .
Among the local government units , Manila has the highest budget allocation to health .
Some sources , including some mentioned above , portray him as an emperor who was popular with the common Roman people , especially in the East .
The operation had been clouded in mystery until the discovery of papers at the Public Record Office in Kew UK .
A match between Frank Mir and Shane Carwin took place on March 27 at UFC 111 to determine the Interim Heavyweight Champion , and Lesnar 's next opponent .
The barbette was lighter than the turret , needing less machinery and no roof armor — though nevertheless some barbettes were stripped of their armor plate to reduce the top @-@ weight of their ships .
They had penetrated to Hill 284 overlooking the 38th Infantry command post .
This was the only excursion outside the embassy by the security detail .
They then headlined the Spring 2007 Jägermeister Music Tour across the US , followed by headlining tours in Australia and Japan .
Guitarist [UNK] joined the band in early 2004 .
Across the island , the typhoon damaged 32 @,@ 745 houses , including 3 @,@ 837 that were destroyed , forcing 65 @,@ 648 people to evacuate to storm shelters .
Some North Koreans worked their way close to the perimeter and threw grenades into it .
Following the departure of Ben Foster from Manchester United to Birmingham City , United manager Alex Ferguson declared that Amos would be Manchester United 's third @-@ choice goalkeeper for the 2010 – 11 season behind Edwin van der Sar and Tomasz [UNK] .
Described as a subtropical low , the depression moved generally northeastward toward Japan due to an approaching cold front .
Several agencies issue Dvorak intensity numbers for tropical cyclones and their precursors , including the National Hurricane Center 's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch ( TAFB ) , the NOAA / [UNK] Satellite Analysis Branch ( SAB ) , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii .
The hill occupied by D Company was in reality the western tip of a large mountain mass that lay southeast of the town .
In this engagement alone , the Austrians lost more than half their reserve artillery park , 6 @,@ 000 ( out of 8 @,@ 000 total participants ) dead , wounded or captured and four colors .
The flooding caused severe damage and killed one person .
After Paul Heyman returned to WWE as general manager of SmackDown !
Below is the cladogram from Schoch 's analysis :
It was the first visit by MLB since 1999 , and one anticipated as an important step to help normalize relations with the United States that had begun to ease earlier in the year .
Just as significantly , because of unsolved problems with the technology of the boilers which provided steam for the engines , the performance of double @-@ expansion engines was rarely as good in practice as it was in theory .
He never again attempted the examinations , instead petitioning the emperor directly in 751 , 754 and probably again in 755 .
Although he was no longer active in politics , he continued to express opinions on the subjects of the day , opposing the 1820 Missouri Compromise and bemoaning the " great moderation & mediocrity " of Federalist Governor John Brooks .
1 farad .
On August 6 , he was promoted to the Double @-@ A Jacksonville Suns in the Southern League , where he produced a 1 – 2 record and 3 @.
In its analysis of Operation Eastern Exit , the Center for Naval Analyses cited the Ambassador Bishop 's previous experience and " clear understanding of his role " in the operation as one of the reasons Operation Eastern Exit went so well .
He has been described as humble , modest , and not " about the money " .
200 ) .
When fitzHerbert died suddenly in 1154 , Osbert was accused of murdering the newly returned archbishop .
On April 3 , Brad Stevens and the Butler Bulldogs faced off with Michigan State in the national semi @-@ finals .
Winds on Spanish Wells and Harbour Island were both estimated at around 140 mph ( 225 km / h ) .
[UNK] mosque , meaning " [UNK] to God " , has a man @-@ made waterfall , a fountain , and a landscape planted with flowers .
In previous years , many of the teams had played their home games at multiple venues .
In 1789 he purchased a large mansion on fashionable Bowdoin Square , and also bought a country estate in Waltham that grew over time to 300 acres ( 120 ha ) .
A lack of aircraft and qualified pilots , however , meant that they never actually operated their aircraft in combat .
Weevil injures himself , but finds himself unable to receive adequate benefits .
Casualties came to the aid stations from the infantry companies in an almost steady stream during the morning .
186 on the Billboard 200 .
Following the meeting , people queued up to join , and there was large @-@ scale rioting .
On September 5 , former Hurricane Jimena crossed the International Date Line into the basin .
The riot following the Officials ' Easter parade in March 1970 marked the first time that the army used ' snatch squads ' , who rushed into the [UNK] wielding batons to make arrests .
Production was delayed by several factors , and as a consequence , only 100 to 177 of the tanks were produced .
He also won a UFC @-@ record $ 2 @.
During the Late Permian , increasing aridity and the diversification of reptiles contributed into a decline in terrestrial [UNK] , but semiaquatic and fully aquatic [UNK] continued to flourish , including the large [UNK] of Eastern Europe .
By 19 December , the number of official US personnel in the city was reduced from 147 to 37 ; around the same time , fighting between the government and rebels came within about 40 miles ( 64 km ) of Mogadishu .
Glassman also described a fourth member of this group , A.
76 Wing offensive in this area ; these operations were conducted from Leyte Gulf in the Philippines .
The shadowed portion of the crater was imaged with the Terrain Camera of the Japanese SELENE spacecraft using the illumination of sunlight reflected off the rim .
Eddie arrives back at the hotel to learn that she has killed herself .
The area , which included the [UNK] and [UNK] neighbourhoods , was secured by community activists for the first time on 5 January 1969 following an incursion into the [UNK] by members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) .
This is the only known example outside of the Olmec heartland on the Gulf Coast of Mexico .
Eddie realizes that Charlie held out his percentage and becomes enraged , believing that with that money he could have rebounded to beat Fats .
However , the biggest source of division , which underlay all others , was " the roles and rights of men and women in the synagogue . "
The training of the crews lasted far longer than anticipated and only in June 1942 the 274th became operational .
The inside of the Burnhams ' home was shot at a house close to Interstate 405 and Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles ; the inside of the Fitts ' home was shot in the city 's Hancock Park neighborhood .
[UNK] were found to be more closely related to [UNK] than to [UNK] , which were grouped with [UNK] .
The development of smokeless powder , based on nitroglycerine or nitrocellulose , by the French inventor Paul [UNK] in 1884 was a further step allowing smaller charges of propellant with longer barrels .
Even though its offensive strength was largely spent by September 9 , the division continued to harass rear areas around Changnyong with infiltrating groups as large as companies .
[UNK] ' vertebrae are divided into several segments .
Against considerable odds , we do like [ these characters ] , " Turan concluded .
In Kyushu , heavy rainfall , peaking at 196 mm ( 7 @.
Two days later , Stevens ' Bulldogs met second @-@ seeded Kansas State in the regional finals .
Butler beat Siena 70 – 53 and Stevens tied the NCAA record for most wins ( 81 ) by a head coach in his first three seasons set by Mark Few of Gonzaga in 2002 and tied by Mark Fox of Nevada in 2007 .
In addition to these , the Church recognized five parishes as [UNK] — namely , [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] @-@ [UNK] , Santa Mesa and [UNK] .
A 44 @-@ person force consisting primarily of soldiers to handle the ECC was planned for insertion with the CH @-@ 53E Super Stallions after they had returned to the Guam .
Shortly after the season ended , he signed a contract extension with Butler through the 2011 – 12 season .
Nero 's contributions to the relief extended to personally taking part in the search for and rescue of victims of the blaze , spending days searching the debris without even his bodyguards .
However , with World War I as a backdrop , the times were not easy for avant @-@ garde literary movements ( Aldington , for example , spent much of the war at the front ) , and the 1917 anthology effectively marked the end of the Imagists as a movement .
Groups of men wearing armbands patrolled the streets in shifts .
@ 56 mi ) to the north of Monument 1 .
If he had the resources , Stevens says he would hire a team of statisticians to analyze the teams play .
In the early 1990s a group of newly observant members began holding more traditional services in a back room of the synagogue , complete with a [UNK] , a partition separating men and women .
Despite this initial panic , Gazan 's column retained its cohesion , and responded well to various difficult demands .
Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris [UNK] .
He felt that the episode may not have been accessible for casual viewers , but offered much for fans in time for the programme 's fiftieth anniversary .
For example , two scenes have the Burnhams sitting down to an evening meal , shot from the same angle .
The subsequent Peace of Pressburg , signed on 26 December 1805 , reinforced the earlier treaties of Campo Formio and Lunéville .
As of 2012 , she is a horse riding teacher and student at the University of Western Sydney where she is majoring in sports and exercise science .
Sheen led one group of soldiers back to friendly lines on 4 September .
John Asher – half @-@ Jewish and reluctant " defence attorney " at the trial ; fascinated by the capture of Bormann and the rumours circulating that Hitler may be alive , he had approached Nazi hunter Wiesenthal who directed him to Lieber ; despite being an " outsider " ( no ties to the Holocaust ) Lieber assigned him to the search party because of his military training and his clear @-@ headedness ( " no metaphysical lusts , no cravings for retribution " ) .
Since many of Du Fu 's poems feature morality and history , this practice is particularly important .
The Far East Command requested the US Navy to join in the air effort , and the US Seventh Fleet turned back from its strikes in the Inch 'on @-@ Seoul area and sped southward at full steam toward the southern battle front .
Frogs and all other living tetrapods have a rod @-@ like bone called the stapes that aids in hearing by transferring vibrations from the ear drum — or homologous tympanum — to the inner ear .
20 Squadron was also responsible for evacuating white civilians from areas threatened by invasion .
Ultimately , ten heads of missions — eight ambassadors and two [UNK] d 'affaires — along with their staff sought refuge in the US embassy compound and were evacuated .
He made his debut on May 25 , starting against the St. Louis Cardinals .
In addition , Schoch named the clade containing all [UNK] except [UNK] [UNK] and reinstated the name [UNK] for the clade containing all [UNK] except [UNK] and [UNK] .
These heads are sculpted with relatively simple headdresses ; they have squat , wide proportions and distinctive facial features .
The single peaked at number 46 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies .
This cross represents the faith of the majority of the dead and the sword represents the military character of the cemetery , intended to link British soldiers and the Christian concept of self @-@ sacrifice .
Nerva ( 96 – 98 A.D. ) " .
Ambassador Bishop remained engaged in conversation with the Major until he reached the helicopter landing zone to depart with the final wave to prevent the Major from reneging on the deal .
Mortar fragments destroyed the radio and this ended all communication with other US units .
@ 5 miles ( 2 @.
Again , aircraft of the British Royal Air Force made no appearance .
Seeing the helicopters on the morning of 5 January , they realized the Americans would not remain in the city much longer .
The major beneficiary of the Gore estate was Harvard ( which received an estimated $ 100 @,@ 000 ) , although bequests were also made to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Massachusetts Historical Society .
A Somali officer who had a previous relationship with the embassy , Major Siad , agreed to travel to rescue the German chargé d 'affaires and British ambassador ( junior staff from the British embassy had previously come to the US embassy ) .
Newman believed the score helped move the film along without disturbing the " moral ambiguity " of the script : " It was a real delicate balancing act in terms of what music worked to preserve [ that ] . "
Cassius Dio ( c .
He was a team captain his senior year , and averaged more than 8 points per game three of his four years .
He was then appointed by President George Washington to a diplomatic commission dealing with maritime claims in Great Britain .
By that time , it was moving northward along the periphery of the ridge to the east .
He appeared on a 2006 episode of the television series , Doctors , followed by a role in the 2007 theatre production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke .
After the season , Kershaw was awarded the Warren Spahn Award as the best left @-@ handed pitcher in 2011 , the Players Choice Award for Most Outstanding National League pitcher , the Gold Glove Award as the top fielding pitcher in the NL and the Sporting News ( TSN ) National League Pitcher of the Year .
20 Squadron was shot down while attacking a ship at [UNK] in the Dutch East Indies ; the loss was compounded by the fact that one of the coordinators of the mining campaign , Lieutenant Commander P.E.
North Koreans were in Changnyong that evening .
Consequently , Mortier and Gazan marched blindly through the narrow canyon west of Dürenstein , not knowing what lay ahead of them .
He finished the season with a 16 – 7 record , a 2 @.
The area was used as a parking lot and several vehicles were left without keys by staff that had already been evacuated .
In 2011 , Boris Dolin joined the congregation as its newest associate rabbi .
, forcing Bischoff to institute a new championship for Raw ( the World Heavyweight Championship ) .
The Second Doctor previously encountered the Great Intelligence in the serials The Abominable Snowmen ( 1967 ) , set in the 1930s , and The Web of Fear ( 1968 ) , set in the 1960s .
He wrote , " Examine your records .
Family [UNK]
A British Army attack was considered inevitable , and the IRA took the decision not to resist it .
Ricardo Montalban
New York State Route 31B ( NY 31B ) was a state highway in central New York in the United States .
The Austrian cavalry unsuccessfully tried to fend off the French , but the Austrian infantry broke and ran .
Below them , North Koreans continued crossing the river and moving supplies forward to their combat units , some of them already several miles eastward .
Horizon League Coach of the Year ( 2009 , 2010 )
Nero also built a new palace complex known as the Domus Aurea in an area cleared by the fire .
At roughly the same time , the tropical cyclone began to stall east of the Mariana Islands and curve sharply northeastward .
Covina , California .
The ironclad became technically feasible and tactically necessary because of developments in shipbuilding in the first half of the 19th century .
Flint commented " we have never claimed to have invented the moon .
The battle was fought three weeks after the Austrian capitulation at Ulm and three weeks before the Russo @-@ Austrian defeat at the Battle of Austerlitz .
Ise was attacked by 80 @-@ odd aircraft from the fourth wave , but they failed to inflict any serious damage .
Tossed into the icy river , most had drowned .
He was active in the state Federalist Party organization , sitting on its secret central committee .
Brad says that the cause really hit home for them after Tracy 's mother died of the disease in June 2004 .
In February 1862 , the larger CSS Virginia joined the Confederate Navy , having been rebuilt at Norfolk .
The top of the headdress is decorated with the clawed foot of a bird of prey .
The [UNK] Oil Depot houses the storage facilities and distribution terminals of the three major players in the country 's petroleum industry , namely Caltex Philippines , Pilipinas Shell and [UNK] Corporation .
From there at daylight the men could see North Korean soldiers on many of the ridges surrounding them , most of them moving east .
Mosconi claimed in an interview at the time of the film 's release that the character of Minnesota Fats was based on Wanderone , who at the time was known as " New York Fatty " .
@ 5 mi ) from the town centre .
Torres then " went all out on the first demo , hiring a full band that included a string orchestra " .
SM UB @-@ 7
The [UNK] survived , as well as a few [UNK] and [UNK] .
He was defeated by Velasquez for the title by TKO in the first round .
Meanwhile , Charles Brooke was a nephew of James Brooke and would later become the latter 's successor as the second Rajah of Sarawak .
In 1789 Gore decided to stand for reelection , but lost , owing to strong anti @-@ nationalist fervor in Boston at the time .
They had a maximum range of 25 @,@ 000 metres ( 27 @,@ 000 yd ) at + 20 degrees of elevation and 35 @,@ 450 meters ( 38 @,@ 770 yd ) at + 43 degrees after modernization .
Upon moving into the South China Sea , conditions allowed for quicker strengthening , and the cyclone reached tropical storm status on July 18 before reaching its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 110 km / h ( 70 mph ) , making it a severe tropical storm .
In early June 1940 , about 13 @,@ 500 evacuees were shipped to Casablanca in French Morocco .
Turning to the north , the storm slowly weakened as it crossed into Georgia , dissipating on September 7 near Augusta .
Late on October 30 , the JTWC upgraded [UNK] to typhoon status , and the next day , both PAGASA and JMA followed suit .
Although the film portrays the way Lester returns to that role positively , he does not become " the [UNK] figure implicitly celebrated in films like Fight Club " .
Frank Sinatra
The deaths of two leading [UNK] in a premature explosion in June 1970 resulted in young militants becoming more prominent in the organization .
The band began touring in support of the album prior to its release , initiating touring with several free shows in the US .
Mendes ' dominant style was deliberate and composed ; he made extensive use of static shots and slow pans and zooms to generate tension .
He was awarded the National League Player of the Week award for the week of June 20 – 26 as a result of those two starts .
At Olympia , an abandoned settlement also known as Olympia Beach , strong winds leveled the old Olympia Inn , a gas station , and the second floor of a pharmaceutical building .
The book was released on January 10 , 2012 through Regal Press .
On 12 October 1861 , the CSS Manassas became the first ironclad to enter combat , when she fought Union warships on the Mississippi during the Battle of the Head of Passes .
After Lesnar attacked Austin on Raw and stole his four @-@ wheeler , Austin was inserted as the special guest referee for the WrestleMania match .
A steam @-@ only fleet would require a network of coaling stations worldwide , which would need to be fortified at great expense to stop them falling into enemy hands .
The single ultimately peaked at number 46 on the Hot 100 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on 25 April 2013 , denoting shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies .
The Italian 450 mm ( 17 @.
There were two other deaths in Japan , and damage totaled ¥ 11 @.
After an hour on the ground , the helicopters left with the first 61 evacuees , including all American civilians and four heads of mission .
The scene took four takes ; two by the second unit did not satisfy Mendes , so he shot the scene himself .
@ 7 million .
Access to the highway is made by way of Town Line Road Spur ( CR 114 ) , a connector leading to Lower Mountain Road .
Fighting spread though the villages of [UNK] , [UNK] and the farm at [UNK] .
At the end of 1919 , the Commission had spent £ 7 @,@ 500 , and this figure rose to £ 250 @,@ 000 in 1920 as construction of cemeteries and memorials increased .
Some navies even experimented with hollow shot filled with molten metal for extra incendiary power .
They also performed at the Japanese festival Summer Sonic midway through the Family Values Tour .
Thinking this force was the rumored Russian rear guard , Mortier ordered Gen. Gazan to counterattack and push east towards the town of Stein .
According to Suetonius and Cassius Dio , the people of Rome celebrated the death of Nero .
The percentage of total annual contributions for which each country is responsible is United Kingdom 78 @.
After slowing and turning to the northeast , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm [UNK] on September 26 .
Outside , a salt @-@ water rain has started , and the Doctor sees that another psychic ability has taken control of the snow from the Great Intelligence : the Latimer family , crying for Clara .
[UNK] , A.
Epictetus ( c .
Lester Burnham is a middle @-@ aged advertising executive and magazine writer who despises his job .
On 25 November 1941 , following the loss of HMAS Sydney , one of No.
Devin [UNK] — drums ( 2006 – 2007 )
SM [UNK] maintains presence in the city .
One is that they evolved from [UNK] [UNK] .
Schmitt 's presence would probably not have been enough to turn that defeat into a victory , but it would have mitigated the magnitude of the Coalition 's losses ; Austerlitz was considered one of Napoleon 's finest triumphs .
The 2010 Claxton Shield made use of the same finals structure as had been used in the 2009 season .
WWE was later granted a deadline postponement .
This led to the development of the Miller and Lander extratropical transition technique which can be used under these circumstances .
Arjona named " Fuiste Tú " as one of the most important songs on the album . "
He was also a brother of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity .
The sides display features that are possibly intended to represent long hair trailing to the bottom of the monument .
The wayward Mary was romanced and abandoned by Jack [UNK] , later bearing his child .
Without word from his daughter , Ezra resigns from his job and attempts to seek her out and finds a poor motherless child , Marie .
It has since been moved to the Museo [UNK] de Tres [UNK] .
The image depicts the evacuation of French troops via the Danube flotilla ( see Infobox image ) on a moonlit night .
The most significant benefit of the use of the technique is that it has provided a more complete history of tropical cyclone intensity in areas where aircraft reconnaissance is neither possible nor routinely available .
The Commission has also constructed or commissioned memorials to commemorate the dead who have no known grave ; the largest of these is the Thiepval Memorial .
@ 47 million lost power , and widespread crop damage occurred , resulting in the worst rice crop in 23 years .
The battle attracted attention worldwide , making it clear that the wooden warship was now out of date , with the ironclads destroying them easily .
The Bintulu night market is located on Kampung Dagang road .
[UNK] are now identified as [UNK] distantly related to [UNK] .
In 2010 , Arjona wanted to change his musical style ; after experimenting with using as few instruments as possible , he obtained a sound similar to an a capella performance ( simplifying his sound ) and introduced what he called a " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " to his music .
Mendes is indecisive , saying the script seemed to be about something different each time he read it : " a mystery story , a kaleidoscopic journey through American suburbia , a series of love stories ; [ ... ] it was about imprisonment , [ ... ] loneliness , [ and ] beauty .
Pretending you know what you 're talking about when you don 't is very bizarre but there are advisers on set who are fantastic at taking you through procedures and giving you the confidence to stand there and look like you know what you 're doing . "
These ships are sometimes covered in treatments of the ironclad warship .
Each house had its own shed projection into the entrance of the river , which was used for the processing of [UNK] palms .
Professor Vincent Hausmann charges that in their reinforcement of masculinity " against threats posed by war , by consumerism , and by feminist and queer challenges " , these films present a need to " focus on , and even to privilege " aspects of maleness " deemed ' deviant ' " .
Collectively between North Point , James Cistern , and Gregory Town on Eleuthera , the storm destroyed 55 houses and damaged many others .
Romer agreed with this classification , but used the name Temnospondyli to avoid confusion with Labyrinthodontia in its wider sense ( sensu lato ) .
The industrial park is a centre of heavy , energy @-@ intensive industry .
Since the establishment of Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy ( SCORE ) in 2008 , Bintulu become the gateway to [UNK] Industrial Park , which is located 62 kilometres ( 39 mi ) away from Bintulu .
The seismically active Marikina Valley Fault System poses a threat to Manila and the surrounding regions .
This was just the first of a total of five airstrikes that the Americans launched that day .
@ 5 and $ 3 million a year to leave Butler .
Moffat stated that the introduction of a new companion made " the show feel different " and brought the story to " a new beginning " with a different person meeting the Doctor .
After UB @-@ 8 was transferred to the Bulgarian Navy in May 1916 , she was renamed Podvodnik No.
His original bookend scenes — in which Ricky and Jane are prosecuted for Lester 's murder after being framed by Col. Fitts — were excised in post @-@ production ; the writer later felt the scenes were unnecessary , saying they were a reflection of his " anger and cynicism " at the time of writing ( see " Editing " ) .
Plazas was assisted by the Spanish naval commander of Puente Mayorga , Manuel Romero Hume , who allowed him to beach a rowboat there .
The team spent half a year revising the gameplay to match Kirby 's signature characteristics .
The season began with the formation of Tropical Storm [UNK] on January 15 .
His classification of [UNK] was based heavily on characteristics of the skull rather than the vertebrae .
It is the eighth Christmas special since the show 's 2005 revival and the first to be within a series .
@ 83 grams to 3 @.
One of the earliest surviving works , The Song of the Wagons ( from around 750 ) , gives voice to the sufferings of a conscript soldier in the imperial army and a clear @-@ sighted consciousness of suffering .
Austria , Italy , Russia , and Spain were also building ironclads .
This was the first time the Senate elected a Roman Emperor .
He built each cue around " small , endlessly repeating phrases " — often , the only variety through a " thinning of the texture for eight bars " .
( 1987 ) , including the contact between the [UNK] and [UNK] at the back of the skull , small projections ( uncinate processes ) on the ribs , and a pelvic girdle with each side having a single iliac blade .
In his seminal 1950 essay Projective Verse , Charles Olson , the theorist of the Black Mountain group , wrote " ONE [UNK] MUST [UNK] AND [UNK] [UNK] TO A [UNK] [UNK] " ; his credo derived from and supplemented the Imagists .
Mordden does note that while Fast Eddie " has a slight fifties ring " , the character " makes a decisive break with the extraordinarily feeling tough guys of the ' rebel ' era ... [ b ] ut he does end up seeking out his emotions " and telling Bert that he is a loser because he 's dead inside .
@ 2 km ) west of the river .
Keiser decided the patrol should cross the river at the [UNK] ferry .
Nero was persuaded to participate in the Olympic Games of 67 in order to improve relations with Greece and display Roman dominance .
Fighting between the two groups continued for two hours , then the police joined in .
" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " was written by Phil Klemmer and directed by Jason Bloom , marking Klemmer 's fifteenth and final writing credit and Bloom 's fourth and final directing credit for Veronica Mars , after " Green @-@ Eyed Monster " , " Nevermind the [UNK] " , and " Charlie Don 't Surf " .
The Borneo International Kite Festival is held annually in the town .
Multiple suplex variations
Kid Bass ( Kurt Blankenship ) — bass ( 2015 – current )
Tacitus was the son of a procurator , who married into the elite family of Agricola .
The reserve police were set up in 16 battalions and 10 companies , but they lacked weapons needed to arm many of the troops .
About two thirds of Du Fu 's 1500 extant works are in this form , and he is generally considered to be its leading exponent .
This was also marked his fourth year in a row with a sub @-@ 3 @.
Rainfall in Taiwan reached 69 mm ( 2 @.
Kouma 's four vehicles attacked this structure , and after about a minute of heavy fire the bridge collapsed , and the [UNK] boats used to hold the bridge in place were sunk .
Agencies in Vietnam also warned for the potential of heavy rainfall due to the dissipating Tropical Depression [UNK] , and released water from three dams to prevent overflow .
Many of the FSNs had sought refuge in the embassy with their families and about 30 were hired as guards and protected the embassy throughout the ordeal .
Suspension was on eight road wheels , four per side , with no separate driver or idler wheels and it was capable of a 40 miles per hour ( 64 km / h ) top speed .
The aircraft climbed normally from the runway , levelled off to gather speed but then suddenly lost height and crashed into the harbour .
Though the number of tropical storms was below average , the ratio between tropical storms and typhoons was 66 % greater than normal .
U @-@ 16 was sunk after she torpedoed an Italian destroyer in October 1916 , and the remaining three ( and the unrepaired U @-@ 10 ) were ceded to Italy at the end of the war .
Nero 's father , Gnaeus , was the son of Lucius Domitius [UNK] ( consul 16 BC ) and Antonia Major .
Alternatively , the backs of many of these massive monuments may have been flattened to ease their transport , providing a stable form for hauling the monuments with ropes .
At the same time , they launched their bombing campaign in Derry .
After a Michigan State time out , Stevens had his team foul Lucious with 2 seconds remaining to prevent a potentially game tying 3 @-@ pointer .
The main reason for the French use of wooden hulls for the ironclad fleet built in the 1860s was that the French iron industry could not supply enough , and the main reason why Britain built its handful of wooden @-@ hulled ironclads was to make best use of hulls already started and wood already bought .
The tank 's design flaws , combined with the decision by the War Office not to use light tanks in British armoured divisions , ruled out the use of Tetrarchs in the North African Campaign .
After Lesnar and Reigns traded a few false finishes , Rollins cashed in his Money in the Bank contract while the match was in progress , making it a triple threat ; Rollins then pinned Reigns to win the title .
The center of education since the colonial period , Manila — particularly Intramuros — is home to several Philippine universities and colleges as well as its oldest ones .
The ability of the tympanum and stapes to effectively transmit vibrations is called impedance matching .
In addition , there are several hybrids between species that would be considered different genera under Glassman 's five @-@ genus system , which has also been used as an argument for placing them in a single genus .
Ambassador Bishop made an urgent request to Washington for two platoons of soldiers to parachute into the embassy to defend it until the ships arrived .
@ 2 tropical storms , compared to the 10 – and 30 @-@ year average of 27 @.
The ten different block types vary in durability and points value .
At this point , the Lockport – Pendleton town line turns south to follow NY 78 , leaving NY 93 fully within the town of Lockport as it runs eastward past another stretch of homes .
Emmanuel Lieber – Jewish Holocaust survivor and director of the search party to find Hitler ; after crawling out of a death pit in [UNK] he never took the time to mend and embarked on a life @-@ consuming obsession to bring those responsible for the genocide to justice .
Du Fu 's political comments are based on emotion rather than calculation : his prescriptions have been paraphrased as , " Let us all be less selfish , let us all do what we are supposed to do " .
This produces a " saxophone shaped " [UNK] portion of the stem .
As the second wave landed , Major Siad arrived at the embassy gate accompanied by two truckloads of soldiers and held a grenade in one hand and a radio in the other .
Given that the filter does not contain any resistive elements , the image impedance in the pass band of the filter is purely real and in the stop band it is purely imaginary .
The embassy was , in fact , surrounded by new development and the crew saw white stucco walls around many buildings in the city .
However , it strongly reflects Pound 's interest in poems written to be sung to music , such as those by the troubadours and Guido Cavalcanti .
Lester 's attempts to " strengthen traditional masculinity " conflict with his responsibilities as a father .
Somewhat farther away , on the eastern hemisphere of the lunar near side , are the larger craters Amundsen and Scott , named after two other early explorers of the Antarctic continent .
It was moved to the plaza of Santiago Tuxtla in 1951 and remains there to this day .
Butler kept the lead in the upper single digits for most of the second half , before Kansas State went on a 13 – 2 run and took a 52 – 51 lead .
In the decades since its release , The Hustler has cemented its reputation as a classic .
Initially reluctant to publicize the film , 20th Century Fox responded by stepping up its promotional activities .
Turner and this tank came under heavy North Korean fire which shot away the tank 's periscope and antennae and scored more than 50 hits on it .
The regional terrain offers significant obstacles such as swamps and floodplains ; avoiding these would have necessitated crossing undulating hill country .
This view is based on the writings of Tacitus , Suetonius and Cassius Dio , the main surviving sources for Nero 's reign , but a few surviving sources paint Nero in a more favourable light .
Sixteen hundred cavalry , including Archduke Ferdinand and Prince Schwarzenberg , broke out of Ulm before its capitulation .
The intent was for the setting to reflect the characters , who are also archetypes .
@ 7 ft ) wide by 0 @.
The Yugoslav People 's Army ( Jugoslavenska narodna armija – JNA ) believed Croatia would use the Croatian Territorial Defence Force 's ( Teritorijalna obrana – TO ) equipment to build its own army and confront the JNA itself .
@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period and positive commentary from reviewers , who appreciated its carefree , jubilant nature .
None of them were successful before the Japanese reached Kure on 20 February .
mortars , and one section of 75 @-@ mm.
War dead are commemorated uniformly and equally , irrespective of military or civil rank , race or creed .
The first wave departed Guam at 23 : 43 .
The area encompassed four cities and thirteen adjoining towns , as a separate regional unit of government .
As development continues , the external gills disappear .
Kershaw was selected by USA Today as " High School Baseball Player of the Year " , and was also the Gatorade National Player of the Year for baseball .
Throughout the day , foreign diplomats and civilians sought refuge at the embassy .
The five surviving German boats , the four surviving Austro @-@ Hungarian boats , and the Bulgarian boat were all turned over to the Allies after the end of the war and were broken up .
@ 8 tons .
On the morning of September 1 , 3rd Battalion , 38th Infantry moved in an attack westward from the 23rd Regiment command post near Mosan @-@ ni to open the road to the 1st Battalion .
The Division of the City Schools of Manila , a branch of the Department of Education , refers to the city 's three @-@ tier public education system .
@ hrvatski gardijski zdrug ) , a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps ( 1 @.
Arjona wrote the song for his mother , Noemí Morales .
Nero was reportedly unsatisfied with his marriage to Octavia and entered into an affair with Claudia [UNK] , a former slave .
Tacitus
The command passed now to First Lieutenant Raymond J.
In 1997 , the Library of Congress selected The Hustler for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . "
@ 1 ft ) deep .
After Thurstan 's death , Osbert was opposed to one of the candidates for the archbishopric , William fitzHerbert , and worked to secure fitzHerbert 's deposition and replacement by Henry Murdac .
Hed PE 's second album , Broke , incorporated classic rock and world music influences , while Back 2 Base X was influenced by classic punk bands such as the Sex Pistols and the Clash , Insomnia was influenced by thrash metal bands such as Slayer , and New World Orphans was influenced by Suicidal Tendencies and Minor Threat .
Superfamily [UNK]
The sailors and marines made way for the evacuees to share living quarters .
Retention of stereochemistry is very high , often 95 - 98 % .
@ 45 billion ( CNY , $ 297 million USD ) .
On 30 January 2015 he joined Championship club Bolton Wanderers on a month 's loan to provide competition for Andy Lonergan after [UNK] [UNK] was ruled out with an ankle injury picked up in training .
The system intensified gradually as it tracked quickly westward toward the Philippines .
Taken together , these two texts comprised the Imagist programme for a return to what they saw as the best poetic practice of the past .
Ellis describes his preparation and perfectionism during bullpens before each start :
Nero then toyed with the idea of fleeing to Parthia , throwing himself upon the mercy of Galba , or to appeal to the people and beg them to pardon him for his past offences " and if he could not soften their hearts , to entreat them at least to allow him the prefecture of Egypt " .
@ 1 million , though the latter 's North American theatrical performance was just 29 % that of American Beauty .
@ 77 ERA in 27 starts .
Eddie humiliates a local pool shark , exposing himself as a hustler , and the other players punish him by breaking his thumbs .
Although not all of the replicas were placed by him , the majority of replicas around the world were placed under the leadership of Miguel Alemán Velasco , former governor of the state of Veracruz .
[UNK] was known for his campaign ( and city slogan ) " [UNK] ang [UNK] " ( Revive Manila ) , which saw the establishment of several parks and the repair and rehabilitation of the city 's deteriorating facilities .
As a result , the top is fragmented , although the broken pieces were recovered by archaeologists and have been put back into place .
He was 4 – 0 with a 1 @.
The first of these appeared in 1915 , planned and assembled mainly by H.D.
The Apprentice Boys ' parade is an annual celebration by unionists of the relief of the Siege of Derry in 1689 , which began when thirteen young apprentice boys shut the city 's gates against the army of King James .
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
16 on the Independent Albums chart , and at No.
@ 85 in ) in 24 hours , the latter setting a record .
As reports of the grave registration work became public , the Commission began to receive letters of enquiry and requests for photographs of graves from relatives of deceased soldiers .
AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Heroes and Villains :
Most members of the family [UNK] also have armor , although it only covers the midline of the back with two narrow rows of plates .
A new attraction called Paseo de Manila is expected to rise in the park .
Mendes spent more time [UNK] the first 10 minutes than the rest of the film taken together .
The turbines were designed to produce a total of 40 @,@ 000 or 45 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 30 @,@ 000 or 34 @,@ 000 kW ) ( Hyūga and Ise respectively ) , using steam provided by 24 Kampon Ro Gō water @-@ tube boilers at working pressures of 13 – 16 @.
There is no clearly defined end to the ironclad , besides the transition from wood hulls to all @-@ metal .
Many of the ideas Steiner expresses in The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. were reworked from these earlier works .
@ 1 ft ) deep .
The legislature elected Adams ' successor nine months early , and gave Adams sufficiently distasteful instructions that he resigned the post and joined with the Republicans .
He was the nephew of Thurstan , who was Archbishop of York from 1114 to 1140 .
Later , shot of chilled iron , a harder iron alloy , gave better armor @-@ piercing qualities .
A review of Boulter 's performance in The Independent on Sunday described him as " horribly menacing " in the role , and he received critical reviews in The Herald , and Evening Standard .
[UNK] inside .
Pound 's note opened with a definition of an image as " that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time " .
Raised in August 1941 , it operated PBY Catalina and Short Empire flying boats from bases in New Guinea , Queensland and the Northern Territory , conducting search @-@ and @-@ rescue , mine @-@ laying , anti @-@ submarine and bombing missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre .
Clara returns to her other job as governess for the children of Captain Latimer .
On December 27 , 2008 , at UFC 92 , Frank Mir defeated Antônio Nogueira for the Interim Heavyweight Championship and was to face Lesnar for the Undisputed UFC Heavyweight Championship at UFC 98 .
Ana .
Just outside [UNK] , NY 93 leaves the town of Porter for the town of Wilson .
Lesnar later apologized for his remarks at the post @-@ fight press conference , where he held a bottle of Bud Light and endorsed their product .
He learns that the Great Intelligence has been controlling the snowmen and has taken interest in Latimer 's pond .
@ 0 - 245 @.
In a conference held on 16 January 1941 , it was decided that the General Aircraft Hamilcar , currently under development , would be used to transport a single Tetrarch tank or two Universal Carriers .
[UNK] chairman John Hume told a meeting of residents that they were to defend the area and no @-@ one was to come in .
( 2016 )
Two crews of Bulgarian sailors were sent to Kiel for training .
The convection continued to weaken due to continued shear and cooler waters from upwelling , and [UNK] deteriorated to tropical storm status on November 3 .
Considering One Direction the " franchise 's biggest success story " , an editor for The Huffington Post opined that the boy band 's prominent presence on both the US and UK versions of The X Factor seemed fitting .
@ 8 metres ( 5 @.
This reactivity is due to the strained three membered ring and weak N @-@ O bond .
@ 5 ° F ) on May 7 , 1915 .
In 1990 , following the electoral defeat of the government of the Socialist Republic of Croatia , ethnic tensions between Croats and Croatian Serbs worsened .
The U.S. Navy ended the Civil War with about fifty monitor @-@ type coastal ironclads ; by the 1870s most of these were laid up in reserve , leaving the USA virtually without an ironclad fleet .
If he 's already dead , why bother with whatever it is he wishes to tell about his last year of being alive ?
Although [UNK] finished fourth among midwestern Heisman voters in 1948 , he did not finish among the top eight .
The government felt that it was more appropriate to entrust the work to a specially appointed body rather than to any existing government department .
Fulford , writing in The National Post , noted that the metaphor of the world as a suburb of Manhattan was " understood and borrowed " by the whole world .
On the rare occasion Stevens feels the need to correct a player , he does it with " positive reinforcement , just at a little louder decibel " , according to former assistant coach Matthew Graves .
23 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at No.
He sees beauty in the minutiae of everyday life , [UNK] as much as he can for fear of missing it .
Mexico donated a resin replica of an Olmec colossal head to Belgium ; it is on display in the Musée du Cinquantenaire in Brussels .
As of August 2013 , the project has recorded 1 @.
With Torres ' return to producing Arjona regained the classic , trademark sound which Torres helped develop since 2005 .
That night North Korean soldiers crossed the low ground around Yongsan and entered the town from the south .
However , the North Koreans weren 't aware that the US 2nd Infantry Division had recently replaced the US 24th Infantry Division in positions along the Naktong River .
@ 7 in ) bow torpedo tubes and carried two torpedoes .
[UNK] transfer has primarily been performed using amines and [UNK] as nucleophiles .
He suggested to President Washington that someone be sent to England to negotiate with the British .
Simultaneously it had to send combat patrols to its rear to clear infiltrating North Koreans from Changnyong and from its supply road .
The sculpture was then refined by retouching the surface using [UNK] , which were generally rounded cobbles that could be of the same basalt as the monument itself , although this was not always the case .
He appeared on the television series Survivors as " Neil " in November 2008 .
Bening and a hair stylist collaborated to create a " PTA president coif " hairstyle , and Mendes and production designer Naomi [UNK] researched mail @-@ order catalogs to better establish Carolyn 's environment of a " spotless suburban manor " .
[UNK] may have inherited their armor from a terrestrial ancestor , as both [UNK] and [UNK] have been considered close relatives of the group .
Du Fu 's mother died shortly after he was born , and he was partially raised by his aunt .
SM UB @-@ 2
Because he reigned only briefly , Nerva 's public works were few , instead completing projects which had been initiated under Flavian rule .
Typhoon [UNK] stalled and encountered unfavorable conditions , resulting in quick weakening .
Recently , the theory that [UNK] were the ancestors of all lissamphibians has gained wide support .
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed for the first time on 15 June .
These two broad ideas coalesce in Head VI , which is as physiologically tortured as the first two paintings , and as spectral as the middle three .
Boulter starred as " Scott " in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre .
A ' Squadron had approximately nineteen Tetrarchs split between six troops , two of which were of the CS variation and the rest were armed with 2 pounders fitted with Littlejohn adaptors .
It slowly intensified into a tropical storm while moving northwestward , and Maemi became a typhoon on September 8 .
It was all my fault . "
They are :
Since then the area has been extensively redeveloped , with modern housing replacing the old houses and flats .
Shackleton lies entirely within the rim of the immense South Pole @-@ Aitken basin , which is one of the largest known impact formations in the Solar System .
Coach Bill Fenlon later described Stevens as " one of the most selfless , team @-@ oriented person [ sic ] I 've ever been around . "
When excavated , it was found to be lying on its right @-@ hand side and in a very good state of preservation .
Stevens ' father , Mark , is an orthopedic surgeon in Indianapolis and former Indiana Hoosiers football player .
11 Squadron ) and 55 personnel were available initially .
On Hainan , the storm helped end one of the worst summer droughts in almost 65 years , although it also left heavy crop damage , wrecking 64 @,@ 000 ha ( 160 @,@ 000 acres ) of fields and killing 400 head of livestock .
@ 7 in ) in Ilan County .
Payne was quoted as saying : " With the album , that 's the first one that we listened to and we were like , ' Yeah , we love this song ' " .
Niall Horan — additional guitar
That same afternoon , the North Koreans sent an American prisoner up the hill to Schmitt with the message , " You have one hour to surrender or be blown to pieces . "
In 65 , Gaius Calpurnius Piso , a Roman statesman , organized a conspiracy against Nero with the help of [UNK] [UNK] and Sulpicius Asper , a tribune and a centurion of the Praetorian Guard .
He added , " unlike some of his fellow Latin pop stars , Mr. Arjona is no saccharine lover boy " .
With favorable outflow , [UNK] quickly intensified into a typhoon on October 20 after developing an eye , and two days later , the JMA estimated peak winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) .
Two heads from San Lorenzo are on permanent display at the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City .
He eliminated Matt Hardy and The World 's Greatest Tag Team , which was composed of Charlie Haas and his former OVW teammate , Shelton Benjamin , who were mentored by Angle .
[UNK] ...
Monument 23 is sculpted from andesite and falls in the middle of the size range for confirmed colossal heads .
[UNK] includes the [UNK] that were once called [UNK] and includes two subfamilies , the [UNK] and the [UNK] .
The Air Force then concentrated strong air support over the regimental perimeter to aid the ground troops .
He parallels his work in language with working on the soul or working on society .
Krovanh 's effects were much more severe in China .
In 54 , Agrippina tried to sit down next to Nero while he met with an Armenian envoy , but Seneca stopped her and prevented a scandalous scene ( as it was unimaginable at that time for a woman to be in the same room as men doing official business ) .
As in Lake Worth , officials in West Palm Beach credited preparations and stringent building codes with reducing overall damage .
They met again only once , in 745 .
In 1979 , the US negotiated access to an airport and port in both Mogadishu and Berbera ; because of limited access the US had to locations in the Persian Gulf area , maintaining this access was a main interest for the Mogadishu embassy to pursue as the US mobilized to intervene in Kuwait .
Likewise , Matt Collar from Allmusic noted that the track is " frenetically hyper " .
The battalion was set up and initially commanded by Ante Roso , while Major Miljenko Filipović took over as the commanding officer in August .
These attacks would overwhelm the UN defenders and allow the North Koreans to break through the lines in at least one place to force the UN forces back .
One consideration which became more acute was that even from the original Armstrong models , following the Crimean War , range and hitting power far exceeded simple accuracy , especially at sea where the slightest roll or pitch of the vessel as ' floating weapons @-@ platform ' could negate the advantage of rifling .
Terraced vineyards extended up the sides of the Krems River until it became a mountain stream and terrain was unsuitable for cultivation .
[UNK] said , " All of them are very strained , and their lives are constructs . "
The Queensland Rams were the first team to be eliminated from contention for the finals , after being swept four games to nil by the Victoria Aces in round 8 .
WWE Championship ( 4 times ) 2
The Chinese in Bintulu are mainly composed of dialect groups such as Hakka , Fuzhou , and Teochews .
Bintulu also has one polyclinic , Polyclinic Bintulu .
It peaked at number seven on the week ending 17 January 2013 , marking their sixth top ten appearance in Ireland . "
The sport gave her a degree of independence .
When she was about a year old , her kidneys started failing .
SM UB @-@ 16
Likewise wines and olives grown from Europe and North Africa were transshipped via Mexico towards Manila .
In the autumn , his youngest son , Du [UNK] ( Baby Bear ) , was born .
He writes of peace and prosperity under Nero in contrast to previous war and strife .
He was given the Golden Age Award which is reserved for " those who did it first , the people who had no pattern to follow . "
Constant k filters were invented by George Campbell .
On 11 March 1942 Ise and Hyūga sortied from their anchorage at Hashirajima to join the unsuccessful search for the American carrier force that had attacked Marcus Island a week earlier .
Historian Steven Lowenstein writes that " [ a ] fter Hymen Rubenstein 's death in 1933 , his home at 231 West Eighth Street was remodeled and named Temple Beth Israel " .
Nero said , " He desires to lay waste His House and to lay the blame on me , " whereupon he fled and converted to Judaism to avoid such retribution .
Both Pound and H.D.
@ 6 million ) .
Superfamily [UNK] ( [UNK] )
The season ran year @-@ round , with the first storm , [UNK] , developing west of the Marshall Islands on January 15 .
Several reviewers noted on how it helped to further establish Stone Sour .
On the Chinese mainland , strong winds left 90 % of the city of [UNK] without power , and killed 16 construction workers due to a half @-@ finished building collapsing .
Shooting star press – OVW ; only used once in WWE
During this time C @-@ 47 Skytrain planes supplied the battalion by airdrops .
The following day , he was elected as the NL MVP , the first National League pitcher to win the award since Bob Gibson in 1968 and the first Dodgers player to win the award since Kirk Gibson in 1988 .
The division was reinforced by British troops who were advancing from the invasion beaches and it began to push through Normandy , while the squadron continued its reconnaissance duties .
There were practical matters such as diet , exercise , sanitation , and clothing to consider as well as vital " psychology of the personnel " .
It peaked at No.
However , in the portion he used in the opening — and when the full scene plays out later — Mendes used the score and a reaction shot of Ricky to leave a lingering ambiguity as to his guilt .
Many millions of kilograms of hydrazine are produced annually by this method that involves a step wherein ammonia is oxidized in the presence of methyl ethyl ketone to give the [UNK] :
More theaters were added during the limited run , and on October 1 , the film officially entered wide release by screening in 706 theaters across North America .
When the chaplain of Guam asked crew to sign up as guides for the evacuees while aboard the vessel , two hundred signed up within an hour , and some of the sailors even dressed up as clowns to ease the ordeal for children .
Its erection was agreed with local political pressure .
@ 18 km2 ( 481 sq mi ) ) has been planted with acacia trees .
The rioters were condemned as hooligans by moderates , who saw the riots as hampering attempts to resolve the situation .
Recent analyses place [UNK] outside [UNK] in a more derived position .
It was later included as part of the DVD / Blu @-@ ray box set Doctor Who : The Complete Seventh Series in September 2013 .
Kershaw has continued his partnership with CURE International in 2015 , setting a goal of funding 100 surgeries for CURE 's hospital in the Dominican Republic .
The specific date placement is unknown , but it was dedicated by Fidel Herrera Beltrán , then governor of Veracruz , during his time in office between 2004 – 2010 .
Immediately following the First World War , the British Army remained responsible for the exhumation of remains .
The company sent a squad with a light machine gun to the southern tip of the ridge overlooking Agok to take these troops under fire .
Towards the end of World War II , during the Battle of Manila most of the city was flattened by intensive aerial bombardment by the United States Air Force .
NJCAA Heavyweight Champion ( 1998 )
But Eddie says that if he is not killed he will kill Bert when he recovers ; invoking the memory of Sarah , he shames Bert into giving up his claim .
In 1999 [UNK] supplied aid to storm victims in Mexico .
Despite its proximity to the embassy , an armed convoy was needed to evacuate persons trapped there by the unrest .
Moffat described the new outfit as a " progression " as the Doctor was in " a different phase of his life now " and felt more " grown @-@ up " and [UNK] .
Although some arguments have been made that they are pre @-@ Olmec , these latter monuments are generally believed to be influenced by the Olmec style of sculpture .
It served as the home of the University of Santo Tomas ( 1611 ) , Colegio de San Juan de [UNK] ( 1620 ) , Ateneo de Manila University ( 1859 ) , Lyceum of the Philippines University and the [UNK] Institute of Technology .
In September the barricades were replaced with a white line painted on the road .
The Manila Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manila and the oldest established church in the country .
In 1779 Gore successfully petitioned the state for the remaining family 's share of his father 's seized assets .
Early in its duration , it moved generally to the west or west @-@ southwest .
The new United States Navy Zumwalt @-@ class guided missile destroyer has been described as bearing resemblance to ironclads .
@ 8 km ) westward .
Namely , he probably abolished the [UNK] [UNK] , the additional tax which all Jews throughout the Empire had to pay : some of his coins bear the legend [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ( abolition of malicious prosecution regarding the Jewish tax ) .
However , problems were encountered with further tests of the prototypes , and a report issued in December 1942 stated that production of the Mark VIII had been delayed due to developmental problems .
Internal fertilization and similar courtship behavior are seen in modern salamanders .
As information slowly built up at division headquarters it became apparent that the North Koreans had punched a hole 6 miles ( 9 @.
@ 0 ft ) high and measures 1 @.
On the August 19 episode of Main Event , Triple H announced that Cena was invoking his championship rematch clause against Lesnar at Night of Champions , where Lesnar was disqualified due to Seth Rollins interfering , but retained his championship , which could not be lost via disqualification .
The most spectacular raids with the P. 108 bombers were flown in October 1942 when several night attacks against Gibraltar were undertaken from Sardinia .
@ 0 in ) thick .
The fire @-@ control systems were again upgraded in the mid @-@ 1930s and directors were added for the 25 mm AA guns .
He was the youngest of their three sons to survive to adulthood .
The regimental commander organized a defensive perimeter and requested a bombing strike which was denied him because the enemy target and his defense perimeter were too close to each other .
With the Visayan @-@ born Arsenio [UNK] as its first elected mayor in 1952 ( all mayors were appointed prior to this ) , Manila underwent The Golden Age , once again earning its status as the " Pearl of the Orient " , a moniker it earned before the Second World War .
Presidential Decree No.
Gore also resumed business activities upon his return .
Currently , the film holds an 88 % score on Rotten Tomatoes based on 180 reviews , with an average rating of 8 @.
The Senate , when news of his death reached Rome , posthumously declared Nero a public enemy to appease the coming Galba ( as the Senate had initially declared Galba as a public enemy ) and proclaimed Galba the new emperor .
After that , Lesnar would cement his heel turn by brutalizing smaller wrestlers and attacking his rivals on a more consistent basis .
These heads , together with a number of monumental stone thrones , probably formed a processional route across the site , powerfully displaying its dynastic history .
The team spent six months completely revising the game under explicit instructions on how Kirby should move .
At West Palm Beach , the majority of the damage was confined to vegetation .
After the London Paralympics , Dodd took up wheelchair basketball .
Olmec colossal heads were fashioned as in @-@ the @-@ round monuments with varying levels of relief on the same work ; they tended to feature higher relief on the face and lower relief on the earspools and headdresses .
Damage was heaviest in Yap State , mostly in the small Ulithi atoll and Fais Island .
As his Russians entered the fray , they came between a battalion of French and another of Russians .
@ 7 million deceased Commonwealth military service members in 153 countries and approximately 67 @,@ 000 civilians who died as a result of enemy action during World War II .
The Hustler is a 1961 American drama film directed by Robert Rossen from Walter Tevis 's 1959 novel of the same name , adapted for the screen by Rossen and Sidney Carroll .
There is also an 18 @-@ hole golf course at Bintulu .
On May 24 , 2008 , the Dodgers bought Kershaw 's minor @-@ league contract , and he was added to the active roster .
In September 2005 , lead singer Corey Taylor announced that Stone Sour would return with a second album .
When Lester is caught masturbating by Carolyn , his angry retort about their lack of intimacy is the first time he says aloud what he thinks about her .
The younger Austin had , apparently on his own initiative , sought to beat Selfridge with a cane , and Selfridge fatally shot him in the encounter .
The album includes " Fuiste Tú " , a duet with Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno .
Sixth Column , Lieutenant General Freiherr von Rosen , with six battalions of Infantry and ten squadrons of cavalry .
This can often result in the same storm having two names .
On October 17 , 2005 , American Society of Magazine Editors unveiled its list of the top 40 magazine covers of the prior 40 years and ranked View of the World from 9th Avenue in fourth place .
He retained his place in the Under @-@ 18 team for 2007 – 08 , in addition to making his debut for the reserve team against Wigan Athletic on 7 November 2007 , and during the season he impressed enough to be selected to go on the first @-@ team 's 2008 summer tour of South Africa .
In autumn 766 , Bo [UNK] became governor of the region : he supported Du Fu financially and employed him as his unofficial secretary .
Dale Olson advised the studio to advertise in free publications that circulated in Beverly Hills — home to many voters — in addition to major newspapers .
The squadron 's role changed in June 1943 when it commenced mine @-@ laying operations over the Netherlands East Indies and the Philippines , though it continued to make some bombing raids and supply drops .
In addition to its mandated duties , the Commission maintains , under arrangement with applicable governments , over 40 @,@ 000 non @-@ Commonwealth war graves and over 25 @,@ 000 non @-@ war military and civilian graves .
He also purchased 200 shares in the new bank , a relatively large investment .
@ 8 ft ) wide and 0 @.
@ 44 in ) at a station on [UNK] Mountain .
The campaign in the upper Danube valley began in October , with several clashes in Swabia .
On the same day , Nerva was declared emperor by the Roman Senate .
Lesnar 's rapid rise to the top of WWE in 2002 led to a feud with The Undertaker , which involved a match at Unforgiven .
@ 8 ft ) deep , and is estimated to weigh 7 @.
The weather was hot and ammunition , food and supplies were nearly completely exhausted .
As a result of an " end @-@ of @-@ year download rush " on the week ending 30 December 2012 , the track re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 83 .
Jackson said the film transcended its clichéd setup to become a " wonderfully resourceful and sombre comedy " .
Commonwealth military service members are commemorated by name on either a headstone , at an identified site of a burial , or on a memorial .
Steiner also pointed out that the novella is not only about his thoughts on the Holocaust , but also about the horrific events that took place in countries like Cambodia , Vietnam , El Salvador and Burundi : " My feeling is that one has to grapple with the abyss if one can . "
In the following shot , the camera does a complete circle of the TARDIS console , an effect not seen since the early days of the show .
The textile mill , however , was a success , and Gore invested in the Merrimack Manufacturing Company .
@ 0 in ) in Wenzhou , Zhejiang , which were largely beneficial in easing drought conditions , while winds gusted to 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) .
Obviously , he has great rapport and communication ability with his team . "
Throughout August , the NK 6th Division , and later the NK 7th Division engaged the US 25th Infantry Division at the Battle of Masan , initially repelling a UN counteroffensive before countering with battles at Komam @-@ ni and Battle Mountain .
The [UNK] is only visible on the right hand side ; it is formed of a plain disc and peg .
The low @-@ pass prototype can also be transformed into high @-@ pass , band @-@ pass or band @-@ stop types by application of suitable frequency transformations .
There you will find that Nero was the first that persecuted this doctrine " .
The subsequent shot — an aerial view of the neighborhood — was originally intended as the plate shot for the bluescreen effects in the dream sequence .
It continues on a southward track past the eastern terminus of CR 218 ( Hunts Corner – Akron Road ) to the outskirts of the village of Akron , where the highway turns east onto Lewis Road and soon enters the village limits .
He instead prefers to deflect the praise he receives to the players , athletic department , and his mentors .
The JTWC upgraded [UNK] to typhoon status on October 31 , estimating peak 1 minute winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) , although the JMA estimated the storm only attained peak 10 minute winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) .
The unit was deployed to Metković on 28 October , tasked with recapturing Slano from the JNA .
Three days later , the film appeared at the Toronto International Film Festival .
Sonny Mayo — guitar ( 2002 – 2003 )
[UNK] 's student [UNK] [UNK] had close connection with the Court and Ashikaga Shogunate and propagated Du Fu 's poetry in the mundane world ; one day Nijō Yoshimoto , the [UNK] regent of the Court and the highest authority of renga poetry , asked [UNK] , " Should I learn the poetry of Du Fu and Li Bai ? "
Mendes later met with Spielberg ; impressed by Mendes ' productions of Oliver !
Travelling across the rooftops of [UNK] to meet [UNK] , Donald is given [UNK] 's latest invention , bubblegum ammo that can break through walls .
96 Wing , it is responsible for the management of the airfield at RAAF Base Woomera , South Australia .
Past the waterway , the bypass takes a more southerly course through an undeveloped part of the town of Lockport to a junction with Robinson Road ( CR 123 ) on the Lockport – Pendleton town line .
Rising floodwaters resulted in the temporary shutdown of government offices and numerous mudslides .
Technically they are superb , and the masterly handling of large areas of pearly grey , flushed with a sudden pink or green , only makes me regret the more that the artist 's gift should have been brought to subjects so esoteric " .
Variety praised the performances of the entire main cast but felt that the " sordid aspects " of the story prevented the film from achieving the " goal of being pure entertainment . "
He said that Steiner 's fictive Hitler plays " the devil 's game of language subversion " , making " madness [ sound ] like music " , something the real Hitler had perfected .
More recent conflicts have sometimes made it impossible for the Commission to care for cemeteries in a given region or resulted in the destruction of sites altogether .
The reviewer enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick ’ s character development , although he felt that it was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end .
Due to its track away from landmasses , damage remained minimal ; however , as Nangka passed to the south and east of Japan , the storm brought light rainfall to the country , peaking at 81 mm ( 3 @.
time / distance to get there from Masirah OP area . "
Kershaw made his fourth straight opening day start for the Dodgers in 2014 , only the fourth Dodger ever to do so .
Kershaw also became just the fifth Dodger pitcher with three straight 200 strikeout seasons .
Bintulu also saw the rise in the number of residential and commercial properties such as double @-@ storeyed terraced houses , terraced [UNK] , [UNK] Commercial Centre , and Time Square Shopping Mall .
The Bank of the United States was established by Alexander Hamilton to provide stable banking services on a national scale , and sought to open a branch in Boston .
But I omit any further discourse about these affairs ; for there have been a great many who have composed the history of Nero ; some of which have departed from the truth of facts out of favour , as having received benefits from him ; while others , out of hatred to him , and the great ill @-@ will which they bore him , have so [UNK] raved against him with their lies , that they justly deserve to be condemned .
However disappointed he may have been with Mortier , Napoleon was pleased with Gazan 's performance .
Most of the heads wear large earspools inserted into the ear lobes .
The portion of NY 93 between NY 78 and Akron Road became state @-@ maintained on October 1 , 1998 , as part of another swap that also transferred ownership and maintenance of Akron Road to Niagara County .
Among the most distinguishing features of [UNK] are the [UNK] vacuities , two large holes in the back of the palate .
Christopher Gore was born in Boston on September 21 , 1758 , one of many children of Frances and John Gore , a successful merchant and artisan .
While most congregation members approved of these changes , a minority resisted them .
Plans for more elaborate conversions were rejected on the grounds of expense and , most critically , time , and the IJN settled on removing the rear pair of turrets and replacing them with a flight deck equipped with two catapults to launch floatplanes .
Diplomatic failure at the highest levels of government prevented the operation from occurring at the beginning of 1941 which had been drawn up in detail by the Wehrmacht in the summer and autumn of 1940 .
Kershaw struck out 12 batters in seven innings in the first game of the 2013 National League Division Series .
Tacitus , in one of the earliest non @-@ Christian references to the origins of Christianity , notes that the population searched for a scapegoat and rumors held Nero responsible .
The prototype has a cut @-@ off frequency of ωc
In response , Nero fled Rome with the intention of going to the port of Ostia and , from there , to take a fleet to one of the still @-@ loyal eastern provinces .
Kriegsmarine ) and the Bulgarian Navy .
@ 9 kilometres ( 0 @.
Here Comes the Pain , Madden NFL 06 , UFC 2009 Undisputed , UFC Undisputed 2010 , WWE ' 12 , WWE ' 13 , WWE 2K14 , WWE 2K15 , WWE 2K16 , and WWE 2K17 .
On October 31 , [UNK] made landfall in northeastern Luzon near Cagayan , and developed a symmetric eyewall while initially moving over land .
This flanking attack , combined with [UNK] 's frontal assault from Stein , would force the French into a vise ; encircled , they would have no option but to [UNK] die .
The first floor of Pasar Utama offers a variety of fast food such as [UNK] , [UNK] Mee , Jawa Mee , [UNK] [UNK] , [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] tarik .
A new government center was to be built on the hills northeast of Manila , or what is now Quezon City .
After the match , Lesnar stated that this name was referring to his lawsuit against WWE .
The film was shot on location in New York City .
By confronting the issue and Carolyn 's " superficial investments in others " , Lester is trying to " regain a voice in a home that [ only respects ] the voices of mother and daughter " .
[UNK] first appeared in the Early Carboniferous around 330 million years ago ( Mya ) .
Early drafts also included a flashback to Col. Fitts ' service in the Marines , a sequence that unequivocally established his homosexual leanings .
Nevertheless , the [UNK] were among the most esteemed and prominent political families of the late Republic and early Empire , attaining consulships in each successive generation .
These conditions abated as the depression tracked northeast , and at 0000 UTC on June 1 , the JMA upgraded the system to Tropical Storm Nangka .
It was stationed in Vukovar , tasked with preparation of city defences and organisation of volunteer troops .
At the request of Andrew 's widow , Sam , Brad delivered the eulogy at the memorial service on January 17 , 2016 .
This pinnately leaved , non @-@ spiny genus includes both small palms lacking an aboveground stem and large trees .
Of the poets who were published in the various Imagist anthologies , Joyce , Lawrence and Aldington are now primarily remembered and read as novelists .
Once Donald has completed the overland section of an area , he may leave by calling his nephews ' biplane , and will return to the dungeon entrance of that area if the player chooses to return .
They first attacked it at 14 : 00 that afternoon , and were repulsed .
It was said that the common Roman hailed Otho as Nero himself .
These began in the northern part of the regimental sector and quickly spread southward .
They were rescued by the timely arrival of a second division , under command of Pierre Dupont de l 'Étang .
Both Rolling Stone 's Jon Dolan , who praised its effectiveness , and Chris Payne of Billboard , who appreciated the melody , described " Kiss You " as one of the album 's highlights .
She finished her final year of law school in Indianapolis , and the couple married in August 2003 .
2 ^ When Lesnar won the title for the first time it was known as the WWE Undisputed Championship .
Additional material , including skulls , firmly placed Labyrinthodon as an amphibian .
Little remains , partly because the Via dei [UNK] [UNK] cuts across it .
The locations were blocked off and sprayed with fake snow .
These promotions have featured :
@ 72 inch ) guns would be larger than any gun fitted to a battleship until the 18 @.
Beatriz de la Fuente views them as a late regional survival of an older tradition while other scholars argue that they are merely the kind of regional variant to be expected in a frontier settlement .
Later that day , the circulation passed just 55 km ( 35 mi ) north of Taipei , although the convection was exposed that time .
Ricky films Jane from his bedroom window as she removes her bra , and the image is reversed later for a similarly " voyeuristic and exhibitionist " scene in which Jane films Ricky at a vulnerable moment .
The concept of the Stone of Remembrance stone was developed by Rudyard Kipling to commemorate those of all faiths and none respectively .
On 18 November , No.
Coleman previously played Oswin Oswald in " Asylum of the Daleks " , though the connection between the two characters is not clarified until Clara reveals she has an interest in soufflés , a trait that Oswin 's character also had .
It was 12 @.
In 1997 the congregation purchased the property of the University Street Christian Church for $ 500 @,@ 000 ( today $ 740 @,@ 000 ) , and began planning for a new facility .
So at 09 : 00 ( UTC ) on the 9 September 1939 , No.
The face has pronounced creases around the nose , mouth and eyes .
He also became just the fourth pitcher since 1893 to have at least five 200 @-@ strikeout seasons through an age @-@ 26 season ( Bert [UNK] , Walter Johnson and Sam McDowell are the others ) .
Shortly after , Krovanh made landfall on Luzon at peak intensity with winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) .
In mid @-@ November , the JMA briefly tracked a weak tropical depression near Wake Island .
The surviving tanks were then rendered temporarily immobile when parachute rigging lines became tangled in their suspensions , forcing their crews to cut the lines away with welding torches .
More importantly , Watson began using the term Labyrinthodontia to refer to these groups .
The track features electronic effects , colossal hooks , a " na na na " breakdown , and a Motown @-@ tinged melody .
A few other small forces refused to capitulate and seemingly melted into the Bavarian mountains and the [UNK] forests , to reappear in Bohemia for Austerlitz .
The bodies of five passengers and crew , including Sikorski 's daughter , were never found .
The talks were not resumed after the ending of the truce following a violent confrontation in Belfast when troops prevented Catholic families from taking over houses in the [UNK] estate .
Financed , trained and equipped by the Germans , the saboteurs sank the armed trawler HMT Erin , and destroyed the auxiliary minesweeper HMT [UNK] , which resulted in the deaths of six British seamen on 18 January 1942 .
After linking with the battalion , the squadron began reconnoitring , and engaged German infantry and armour they encountered .
It was also expanded to include new matches and interviews .
He has been honored with the Roberto Clemente Award and the Branch Rickey Award for his humanitarian work .
[UNK] was developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis as part of a series of games that were based on Walt Disney cartoon characters .
She was Bulgaria 's first submarine , and was engaged primarily in coastal defense duties off Bulgaria 's main Black Sea port of Varna .
Best Box Office Draw ( 2008 – 2010 )
In May 2008 , Boulter made a guest appearance on a two @-@ part episode arc of the television series Waking the Dead , followed by an appearance on the television series Survivors in November 2008 .
The Warrior 's Armstrong guns suffered from both problems ; the shells were unable to penetrate the 4 @.
Some universal banks in the Philippines that has its headquarters in the city are the [UNK] of the Philippines and Philippine Trust Company .
In those three regions combined , 13 @,@ 000 homes were estimated to have collapsed and a large swath of farmland was damaged .
<formula>
In 756 , Emperor Xuanzong was forced to flee the capital and abdicate .
By 18 August 1914 , two weeks after the German invasion of Belgium , the planning of a series of small coastal submarines had already begun .
Typhoon Lupit first affected Pohnpei with gusty winds , and later it damaged or destroyed about 200 homes in Chuuk State .
The narrow defiles hampered the Russians ; [UNK] 's men had to march out of the canyons , form ranks and attack in waves .
On May 17 , 2009 , Kershaw did not allow a hit against the Florida Marlins through 7 innings , then gave up a lead @-@ off double to Florida 's Cody Ross .
Clara chooses the word " Pond " , which shocks the Doctor and arouses his interest .
The president of the board is Prince Edward , Duke of Kent , the chairman is United Kingdom Secretary of State for Defence Michael Fallon and the vice @-@ chairman Vice @-@ Admiral Tim Laurence .
At the time it was thought that these [UNK] lifted their heads with strong jaw muscles , but it is now thought that they used larger muscles in the neck that were attached to the large pectoral girdle .
Chad Bower of About.com stated that the band had " progressed a lot since their debut " , noting that the album was " very diverse and [ allows ] the band to show many different sides of their musical personality . "
The front of the headdress is decorated with three motifs that apparently represent the claws or fangs of an animal .
The road to Miryang came south out of Yongsan , bent around the western tip of this mountain , and then ran eastward along its southern base .
Imagism is sometimes viewed as ' a succession of creative moments ' rather than any continuous or sustained period of development .
The presence of water suggests that the crater floor could potentially be " mined " for deposits of hydrogen in water form , a commodity that is expensive to deliver directly from the Earth .
Apart from his consecration of the Bishops of Lindsey and Selsey in 733 , [UNK] 's period as archbishop appears to have been uneventful .
The head was discovered in a deep gully by Matthew Stirling in 1946 ; it was found lying face down and its excavation was difficult due to the wet conditions in the gully .
Ball initially rebuffed counsel from others that he change the script , feeling they were being puritanical ; the final impetus to alter the scene came from DreamWorks ' then @-@ president Walter Parkes .
Nick Setchfield of SFX gave the special four and a half out of five stars , writing that " the power of emotion saves the day again " was appropriate in light of the festivities and many fairytales referenced in the story .
He was in goal again for United 's League Cup game in a defeat against Championship club Crystal Palace on 30 November .
Across southeastern Florida , the hurricane damaged 6 @,@ 465 houses and destroyed another 383 , causing over $ 3 million in damage .
All of the 14 cm guns were removed and the casemate openings sealed off .
An area of convection formed on May 16 to the southwest of Palau , located within an area of weak wind shear .
Brooke later built a fort there in 1862 .
López de Legazpi had the local royalty executed or exiled , after the failure of the Tondo Conspiracy ; a plot wherein an alliance between Japanese merchants , Luzon 's Huangs with several Datus and Rajahs plus the Bruneian Empire would band together to execute the Spaniards and their Latin @-@ American mercenaries , and Visayan allies .
76 Wing RAAF , along with Nos.
He featured a fastball that topped out at 96 miles per hour ( 154 km / h ) and he was rated as the top prospect in the GCL , and the Dodgers ' second best prospect by Baseball America behind third baseman Andy LaRoche .
Additional features were given by Godfrey et al .
The Intramuros Light and Sound Museum chronicles the Filipinos desire for freedom during the revolution under Rizal 's leadership and other revolutionary leaders .
In Explaining Hitler , Ron Rosenbaum called The Portage " A Frankenstein story " , referring to Steiner 's fictive Hitler has having taken on a life of its own .
Aside from the Manila Cathedral , there are also three other basilicas in the city : Quiapo Church , Binondo Church , and the Minor Basilica of San Sebastián .
Shortly after , all light tanks were discarded from the establishments of British armoured divisions as not suitable for further service .
The number may have reached 50 @,@ 000 in 2009 .
In June 2009 , it was announced that the rights to the Claxton Shield had been sold to a new Australian Baseball League ( ABL ) , with ownership split between Major League Baseball 's 75 percent share and the 25 percent share owned by the Australian Baseball Federation .
The French and Russians continued to skirmish fitfully into the night as sentries encountered one another in the dark .
The Hustler was a major critical and popular success , gaining a reputation as a modern classic .
A number of observers and critics have suggested that this Oscar was in belated recognition for his performance in The Hustler .
An additional 11 were moved into position while the group was en route , but only three were ultimately able to attack .
The storm damaged or destroyed 5 @,@ 880 houses and flooded 1 @,@ 287 ha ( 3 @,@ 180 acres ) of paddy fields , causing ¥ 38 @.
Because of this , Lesnar attacked Ambrose in the parking lot as he was arriving at the arena for Raw , but Ambrose would return later in the night , having hijacked an ambulance , and he challenged Lesnar to a No Holds Barred Street Fight match at WrestleMania 32 , where Lesnar defeated Ambrose .
On June 11 , the shear decreased enough to allow the convection to organize , and the next day the JMA classified it as a tropical depression northeast of Palau .
At this intersection , NY 93 heads west on John Street for one block before continuing south on Buffalo Street for another block to Main Street .
Independiente marked Arjona 's fourth collaboration with Torres .
McCarthy believed American Beauty a " stunning card of introduction " for film débutantes Mendes and Ball .
In the storyline , Holly wanted revenge on Lesnar for legitimately injuring his neck during a previous match between the two in 2002 which left Holly in need of neck surgery and out of action for a year .
The latter , the first of the La Venta heads to be discovered , was found during archaeological exploration of La Venta in 1925 ; the other three remained unknown to archaeologists until a local boy guided Matthew Stirling to them while he was excavating the first head in 1940 .
In 2015 , [UNK] partners with [UNK] to raise fund for its project , which is to deliver recovery aid to Nepal Earthquake victims .
The storm dropped rainfall that resulted in mudslides and flight cancellations .
Yet his fascination was all @-@ consuming and he reproduced variants of it obsessively for almost two decades ; an examination and homage described as " without parallel in the history of art " .
Recommendations given by Arthur William Hill , the Assistant Director of the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew enabled the Commission to develop cemetery layouts and architectural structures that took into account the placement of suitable plant life .
Gore entered politics in 1788 , serving briefly in the Massachusetts legislature before being appointed U.S. District Attorney for Massachusetts .
Gulf Golden International Flying Academy ( [UNK] ) , the first and only flying academy in Sarawak , was closed in 2012 due to financial difficulties .
In 1989 Operation USA facilitated operations on children in Vietnam who had cleft palates by a Los Angeles @-@ based plastic surgeon , Dr Stanley [UNK] .
@ 5 % shares ) , Thailand ( 13 % ) , Indonesia ( 13 % ) , the Philippines ( 9 @.
Guam and Trenton carried forces from the 4th Marine Expeditionary Brigade , including a detachment of CH @-@ 53E Super Stallion helicopters — the largest helicopters operated by the US military — and two squadrons of CH @-@ 46 Sea Knight helicopters .
However , they are rarely considered for a modern design , the principles behind them having been superseded by other methodologies which are more accurate in their prediction of filter response .
The storm left many homes in Hobe Sound uninhabitable , forcing crews to tear them down .
Ambassador Bishop understood from his past experiences in Beirut and Liberia the importance of being prepared to deal with emergencies and spent the afternoon working with military experts to review the embassy 's Emergencies and Evacuation ( E & E ) plan until he was " satisfied ... that [ Central Command ] realized that it might have to conduct an evacuation from Mogadishu and was prepared to do that . "
Nero began his reign in 54 by promising the Senate more autonomy .
While there was never another Du Fu , individual poets followed in the traditions of specific aspects of his work : Bai Juyi 's concern for the poor , Lu You 's patriotism , and Mei [UNK] 's reflections on the quotidian are a few examples .
IGN wrote that Block Ball was the first " truly out there " Kirby spin @-@ off , but that the game was too short .
The Tetrarchs of ' A ' Squadron were to play an integral part in this reconnaissance role due to their speed , but the squadron 's strength of twenty tanks was severely depleted by the time it landed in Normandy .
The Triassic @-@ Jurassic extinction event around 199 @.
When discovered it was lying on its back , looking upwards .
The hurricane initially followed the course of another hurricane that passed through the area in late August , which ultimately struck Cuba and Texas .
as does Sulpicius Severus .
Imagist publications appearing between 1914 and 1917 featured works by many of the most prominent modernist figures , both in poetry and in other fields .
Carol Burnett
These extratropical remnants dissipated south of the Aleutian Islands the following day .
From the crest he and his men watched as many more North Koreans ran into a village below them .
Family [UNK]
At the time , the depression was tracking west @-@ northwest under the influence of a subtropical ridge to the north .
Later a combined HQ was formed which commenced operations in early 1942 .
On New Year 's Day , the first American civilians began to seek refuge at the embassy .
This makes the cemeteries easily recognisable and distinguishes them from war graves administered by other groups or countries .
The members are : the High Commissioner for New Zealand to the United Kingdom Lockwood Smith , the High Commissioners of Australia to the United Kingdom Alexander Downer , the Acting High Commissioner of the Republic of South Africa to the United Kingdom [UNK] [UNK] , the High Commissioner for India to the United Kingdom Ranjan Mathai , the High Commissioner for Canada to the United Kingdom Gordon Campbell , Hew Strachan , Keith Simpson , Kevan Jones , Edward Chaplin , Robert Fox , Ros Kelly and Lieutenant General Bill Rollo .
In 1888 , von Zittel divided [UNK] among three taxa : Lepospondyli , Temnospondyli , and [UNK] .
The only way to overcome the problematic condition of humanity , according to the ghost , is to experience purgation through fire .
The Burnhams ' new neighbors are retired United States Marine Corps Colonel Frank Fitts and his near @-@ catatonic wife , Barbara .
Though Nero faltered in his racing ( in one case , dropping out entirely before the end ) and acting competitions , he won these crowns nevertheless and paraded them when he returned to Rome .
@ 4 metres ( 11 ft ) high , making it the largest known head .
Lesnar won the postponed rematch with Mir at UFC 100 on July 11 , 2009 , via technical knockout in the second round .
Since the opening up of the Bintulu – Miri road in the 1970s , large @-@ scale plantations of oil palm and cocoa has been developed in rural areas of Bintulu Division .
All but UB @-@ 10 were lost in 1918 ; UB @-@ 10 , in poor repair and out of service , was scuttled in October 1918 when the Germans evacuated from Flanders .
Alternatively , Domitian may have selected Nerva as his colleague to emphasise the stability and status @-@ quo of the regime .
The general physical characteristics of the heads are of a type that is still common among people in the Olmec region in modern times .
Here , the rural surroundings briefly give way to residential areas as NY 93 intersects with CR 255 ( Swift Mills Road ) in the center of the community .
Experts disagree over whether [UNK] were ancestral to modern amphibians ( frogs , salamanders , and caecilians ) , or whether the whole group died out without leaving any descendants .
The Hall of Fame award was presented to [UNK] 's wife , Jane .
The first battleships built for the renewed Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program were the two dreadnoughts of the Kawachi class , ordered in 1907 and laid down in 1908 .
Over the following years IRA violence in the city was contained to the point where it was possible to believe ' the war was over ' in the area , although there were still frequent street riots .
A more comprehensive text , presumed to describe the life of Nerva in closer detail , is the Histories , by the contemporary historian Tacitus .
Remnant withdrew his motion , allowing the Commission to carry out its work assured of support for its principles .
It was not designed for a newcomer to the Latin language , but is designed for more advanced students .
Total : fifteen battalions , six squadrons , six guns , approximately 12 @,@ 000 men , not all of which were involved in the fighting .
Perhaps the greatest beneficiary of the film 's popularity was a real @-@ life pool hustler named Rudolf Wanderone .
Although it began in Youngstown and ended in Newstead as it does today , the initial routing of NY 93 deviated from the modern path in the vicinity of the city of Lockport .
As recognition of his conduct in what the French called " the immortal Battle of Dürenstein " , Gazan received the Officer 's Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor .
Initially Gazan made rapid progress , but he quickly recognized that the opposing force was much stronger than the typical rear guard of a retreating army .
Following American Beauty 's wins at the 57th Golden Globe Awards , DreamWorks re @-@ expanded the theater presence from a low of 7 in mid @-@ February , to a high of 1 @,@ 990 in March .
Imbudo caused the deaths of 78 people and US $ 383 million in damage .
Later in the game , the plunger is upgraded to act as a temporary platform to climb walls with and , when stuck to a passing bird , allows Donald to traverse longer distances .
Meanwhile , with the approval of General Bradley , D Company moved to the hill immediately south of and overlooking Yongsan .
[UNK] was a Mercian by birth .
These animals spent most or all their lives in water as aquatic predators , catching their prey by a sudden opening of the upper jaw and sucking in fish or other small animals .
The more success you had at Lilly , the harder it would be to leave . "
With weak steering currents , the system moved slowly southwestward before looping to the northwest .
She has previously taught at Butler .
In the Philippines , Dujuan interacted with the monsoon to produce heavy rainfall , killing one person .
For the first time , a large warship faced a serious threat from a smaller one — and given the relative inefficiency of shellfire against ironclads , the threat from the spar torpedo was taken seriously .
Though no further regular season games were moved , the finals series hosted by the Aces was held at La Trobe University as well .
Butler won their next game when they defeated Wisconsin .
The cover was later satirized by Barry Blitt for the cover of The New Yorker on October 6 , 2008 .
Warrior and Black Prince ( but also the smaller Defence and Resistance ) were obliged to concentrate their armour in a central ' citadel ' or ' armoured box ' , leaving many main deck guns and the fore and aft sections of the vessel unprotected .
During this period of closure , the campus was used as the site for Maktab [UNK] Sains Bintulu ( Bintulu Science Teachers ' Training College ) from 1994 to July 1999 when it was moved to Kota Samarahan as Institut Pendidikan Guru Kampus Tun Abdul Razak ( Tun Abdul Razak Teachers ' Training Institute Campus ) .
[UNK] means " roof @-@ headed " in Greek , a reference to the wide , flat heads of [UNK] and other early tetrapods .
Following the successful completion of the North African campaign and the surrender of Italy in 1943 , Gibraltar 's role shifted from a forward operating base to a rear @-@ area supply position .
Steel became practical to use when a way was found to fuse steel onto wrought iron plates , giving a form of compound armor .
940 states that Manila has always been to the Filipino people and in the eyes of the world , the premier city of the Philippines being the center of trade , commerce , education and culture .
Troops from 1 Para then moved into Free Derry and opened fire , killing thirteen people , all of whom were subsequently found to be unarmed .
To promote the special , three prequels were released .
The parade took place as planned on 12 August .
The pair — renamed U @-@ 10 and U @-@ 11 , respectively — were joined by U @-@ 15 , U @-@ 16 , and U @-@ 17 in October .
On November 13 , he won the NL Cy Young Award for the second time in three seasons .
The Russian cavalry , units of the greatly feared Cossacks , were well @-@ suited for patrolling the river bank ; indeed , on 9 November they had taken 40 French soldiers as prisoners .
Small @-@ time pool hustler " Fast Eddie " Felson travels cross @-@ country with his partner Charlie to challenge the legendary player " Minnesota Fats " .
Accordingly , he placed the division artillery commander , Brigadier General Loyal M. Haynes , in command of the northern group .
As a result , the conspiracy failed and its members were executed including Lucan , the poet .
An increasing level of criminal violence prompted Ambassador Bishop to request the voluntary evacuation of dependents ( e.g.
Paintings by [UNK] portray two different groups of dreamings , rendered in two distinct styles .
Although the two vessels were selected by mid @-@ afternoon on 2 January , the transfer of some personnel from Dubai to Masirah caused a delay of eight to ten hours .
IGN 's Matt Risley gave " The Snowmen " a score of 9 @.
On 30 December , violence escalated " an order of magnitude " as militants entered Mogadishu , which was quickly enveloped by a general state of lawlessness .
There are over 150 stalls selling a variety of items such as garments , electric goods , vegetables , fruits , food and drinks .
Chiral [UNK] act [UNK] on many [UNK] alkenes .
The road runs along the northern edge of the creek for about 1 @.
The group had an SCR @-@ 300 radio , a heavy machine gun , two light machine gun , a M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle , about 20 M1 Garand rifles , and about 40 carbines or pistols .
" The Nightmare of Suplex City "
Additionally , there were many [UNK] and removals of government officials along with arrests for extortion and corruption .
@ 12 , compared with $ 3 @.
In 1894 , the German firm Krupp developed gas cementing , which further hardened steel armor .
Amos is an England youth international , having played for his country at the Under @-@ 16 , Under @-@ 17 , Under @-@ 18 , Under @-@ 19 , Under @-@ 20 and Under @-@ 21 levels .
At 20 : 00 a heavy fog covered the river , and at 22 : 00 mortar shells began falling on the American @-@ held side of the river .
Transportation of natural gas from the [UNK] state of [UNK] , Sabah , to the LNG complex at Bintulu is facilitated by a 512 @-@ kilometre ( 318 mi ) pipeline known as the " Sabah Sarawak Gas Pipeline " .
Elsewhere , barmaid Clara Oswin Oswald investigates a disturbance outside the tavern she works at and finds the Doctor walking by .
The Russians lost around 4 @,@ 000 , about 16 percent of their force , and two regimental colors .
The highway cost $ 7 @.
The National Museum of the Philippines Complex , which include the National Museum of Fine Arts , Museum of Anthropology and the Museum of Natural History , is located on the northeast part of Rizal Park facing Taft [UNK] proposed national government center during the American time .
The Doctor picks up Clara and takes her back to Latimer 's mansion , placing her under medical care of Strax .
It supported many of the clades that were found by Yates and Warren , but it did not find support for their division of derived [UNK] into [UNK] and [UNK] .
Starting at age five , Stevens would watch taped basketball games " before he went to afternoon kindergarten " .
Kristoffer [UNK] — background vocals
Their raids on Rabaul did little to stem the Japanese advance , and in the following months Port Moresby itself was subjected to increasingly frequent attacks , which destroyed aircraft , facilities , and squadron records .
Rudyard Kipling was appointed literary advisor for the language used for memorial inscriptions .
On November 18 , Nepartak passed near southwestern Hainan and weakened , with the convection diminishing from the circulation .
Then , when the artillery barrage preparation lifted , the North Korean infantry were in position to launch their assaults .
@ 48 seconds ) and behind Gabon 's Wilfried [UNK] ( 10 @.
The French navy decided in 1880 to adopt compound armor for its fleet , but found it limited in supply , so from 1884 the French navy was using steel armor .
A largely destroyed human figure rides upon each block , with their legs hanging over the side .
On a similar note , Michael Melchor of 411mania said " the band is much better at the craft of songwriting than many of their peers . "
Soon after returning to Washington to prepare for his new appointment to Somalia , he was appointed to a taskforce to deal with the crisis in Liberia , which included a gradual evacuation of American civilians and a rapid closure of the embassy in August .
Lucius [UNK] Rufus , the governor of Germania Superior , was ordered to put down Vindex 's rebellion .
Following World War II the Commission recognised that the word ' Imperial ' within its name was no longer appropriate .
Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at the premier annual event .
Manila employs 11 @,@ 919 personnel at the end of 2014 .
@ 10 million watchers .
[UNK] had a revenue of over $ 22 million in fiscal year 2012 and has shipped over $ 425 million worth of " high @-@ priority medical , nutritional and shelter supplies " since its inception , including shipments to Haiti , Japan , Chile , Kenya and Pakistan in 2011 and 2011 .
4 Freshman End Dick [UNK] caught passes and ran for both Michigan touchdowns . "
There , 5 miles ( 8 @.
Typhoon [UNK] , known in the Philippines as Typhoon [UNK] , was a typhoon that made landfall in the northern Philippines in late October 2013 .
@ 8 and 26 @.
He continued to use [UNK] and [UNK] ( which he alternatively referred to as [UNK] ) to distinguish animals based on the absence or presence of occipital condyles .
The large size of the leaves , inflorescences and fruit of many [UNK] species makes them difficult to collect .
Gen. Gazan 's division ( about 6 @,@ 000 men ) took the lead ; Mortier was with them .
He married around 752 , and by 757 the couple had had five children — three sons and two daughters — but one of the sons died in infancy in 755 .
Family [UNK]
Australia , managed by the Office of Australian War Graves in the Australian Department of Veterans Affairs on behalf of the CWGC , is responsible for Australia , Norfolk Island , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands
The register is located within a metal cupboard that is marked with a cross located in either the wall near the cemetery entrance or in a shelter within the cemetery .
Only CSS Stonewall was completed , and she arrived in American waters just in time for the end of the war .
Newman was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor .
On the other hand , Nerva lacked widespread support in the Empire , and as a known Flavian loyalist his track record would not have recommended him to the conspirators .
Podvodnik No.
At the time , the Undisputed WWE Championship was being defended on both brands , so Raw General Manager Eric Bischoff expected Lesnar to return to Raw the following night .
An anticyclone aloft allowed for strengthening , and the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Nepartak on November 12 .
@ 37 @-@ acre ( 0 @.
The album is set for release July 22 , 2014 .
That night , Lesnar and McMahon were to face each other in a steel cage match with Angle as the special guest referee as per McMahon 's orders on the previous week 's program .
As of July 14 , 2016 , he is # 8 in official UFC heavyweight rankings .
On their arrival in Mogadishu , the crew of the helicopters were using an outdated 1969 map , which showed the embassy in an isolated area .
Political pressure for the action against the " no @-@ go " areas increased after the events of Bloody Friday in Belfast .
The account ends with Paul still alive and Nero abiding by God 's command not to persecute any more Christians .
The national government controls the University of the Philippines Manila , the oldest of the University of the Philippines constituent universities and the center of health sciences education in the country .
The result of the fight remains controversial , as [UNK] tested positive for elevated levels of testosterone prior to his next fight .
The Lower Mountain Road portion of NY 93 's former routing is now maintained by Niagara County as County Route 902 ( CR 902 ) .
Across South Korea , Maemi killed 117 people , and overall damage totaled ₩ 5 @.
Occurring in the field , Mack 's plan also undermined the overall command and organizational structure .
The size of this complex is debated ( from 100 to 300 acres ) .
12 on the Independent Albums chart , and at No.
The Graves Registration Commission became the Directorate of Graves Registration and Enquiries in the spring of 1916 in recognition of the fact that the scope of work began to extend beyond simple grave registration and began to include responding to enquiries from relatives of those killed .
Half of such a " T " or " Π " section is called a half @-@ section , which is also an L @-@ section but with half the element values of the full L @-@ section .
The La [UNK] head has been moved from its original location to the main plaza at Santiago .
Lesnar debuted on WWF television on the March 18 , 2002 , episode of Raw , coming through the crowd and attacking Al Snow , Maven and Spike Dudley during their match .
She has two older brothers .
Of all the North Korean attacks along the Pusan Perimeter , the Second Battle of Naktong Bulge is seen by historians as the most serious threat .
[UNK] with unsubstituted or acylated nitrogens are capable of nitrogen atom transfer , although this reactivity has received considerably less attention .
The 1st Battalion ordered A Company to withdraw the company that night .
The website included an overview , a photo gallery , cast and crew filmographies , and exclusive interviews with Spacey and Bening .
I 'm not as calm as everybody thinks , " Stevens says .
After some adjustments , [UNK] became the template for the Commission 's building programme .
On May 22 , 2006 the first single from the album , " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " , was made available online as a free MP3 download .
Progress in setting up proper training facilities and acquiring suitable transport aircraft was so slow that the first British airborne operation , Operation Colossus , was conducted by a retrained Commando unit .
Gore invested his fortune in a variety of businesses , including important infrastructure projects such as the Middlesex Canal and a bridge across the Charles River .
He was regularly named as an unused substitute during the 2005 – 06 season – including for two reserve team matches – but became a frequent starter for the Under @-@ 18s in 2006 – 07 after signing a trainee contract in July 2006 .
He struck out all 15 batters he faced in the game , which was shortened because of the mercy rule .
Ricky goes to Jane 's bedroom , finding her arguing with Angela about Angela 's flirtation with Lester .
The game 's 55 levels include power @-@ ups , bonus rounds , and minigames .
Maufe worked extensively for the Commission for 25 years until 1969 , becoming Chief Architect and also succeeding Kenyon as Artistic Advisor .
Series creator Rob Thomas pointed out Logan and Piz 's fight scene as one of the highlights of the episode and the season .
Before long , Nerva 's expenses strained the economy of Rome and , although perhaps not ruinous to the extent once suggested by Syme , necessitated the formation of a special commission of economy to drastically reduce expenditures .
The fire started at the southeastern end of the Circus Maximus in shops selling flammable goods .
Early [UNK] like [UNK] could not hear airborne sound but would have been able to detect vibration in the ground .
Studio albums
Mendes did use a hand @-@ held camera for the scene in which Col. Fitts beats Ricky .
The paradoxical appearance at once of pastiche and iconoclasm was indeed one of Bacon 's most original strokes . "
It continues on a southward track for about 1 mile ( 1 @.
The hearing system of [UNK] and related [UNK] was able to detect airborne sound and may have been ancestral to that of living amphibians .
NY 93 serves as a connector between several major arterials , including NY 104 in Cambria , NY 31 just west of the city of Lockport , and NY 78 south of the city .
Though Lesnar said he was " closing the door on MMA " in March 2015 , UFC announced on June 4 , 2016 , that he would return at UFC 200 on July 9 .
Triassic [UNK] were often the dominant semiaquatic animals in their environments .
The production deliberately minimized the use of red , as it was an important thematic signature elsewhere .
Each gun had a rate of fire of up to 10 rounds per minute .
Two small ironclads , CSS Palmetto State and CSS [UNK] participated in the defence of the harbor .
It once held the Guinness World Record of nearest airport to town .
The proliferation of ironclad battleship designs came to an end in the 1890s as navies reached a consensus on the design of battleships , producing the type known as the pre @-@ Dreadnought .
Natalie Torres of Dia a Dia reported , " Arjona knows how to handle his ' girls ' , with a mix of attitudes from a ' rough ' male and seductive lyrics " .
Unlike [UNK] , they did not have parietal [UNK] , small holes in their skulls behind their eye sockets .
I haven 't the men nor the guns to do it . "
However , the airstrip was heavily bombed by Allied forces .
A tropical depression developed near Yap on November 11 .
The Kriegsmarine tried to isolate Gibraltar , Malta , and Suez and disrupt Britain 's trade routes .
Gerry won the election .
Later that year , elements of the battalion took part in Operation Tiger — aimed at lifting of the Siege of Dubrovnik .
At one time , the regimental reserve was down to six men .
On 25 September , the French returned with a larger force of eighty @-@ three bombers to cause additional damage to the naval base and harbour installations .
A convoy of vehicles with several Marines and SEALs left the embassy at 8 : 47 and returned ten minutes later with 22 persons from the OMC ( four Americans , a Filipino , and 17 Kenyans ) .
[UNK] " [UNK] ् ग ् " which is a historical name for the city of Manila is listed in Canto 14 alongside [UNK] , which is now Sulu , and Kalka .
Independiente has been compared to his earlier recordings , Historias ( 1994 ) and Animal Nocturno ( 1993 ) .
Later on , Vice Mayor [UNK] Moreno and 28 city councilors filed another case against Lim in 2012 , stating that Lim 's statement in a meeting were " life @-@ threatening " to them .
Persistent moderate wind shear and dry air prevented the cyclone from strengthening significantly in the storm 's early stages .
This condition crippled the Austrian military leadership and forced the recall of such pensioners as Schmitt out of retirement .
Effects were worst in Vietnam , where three people were killed .
The desire for change came from the ambition of Napoleon III to gain greater influence in Europe , which required a challenge to the British at sea .
30 buildings are already identified to be converted into BPO offices .
High rainfall caused flooding across Florida , notably near Tampa where waters reached 9 ft ( 2 @.
It was the first home run Kershaw had allowed in his career to a left @-@ handed batter off his curveball .
@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period , failing to attain the Vevo record held by Justin Bieber 's " Beauty and a Beat " music video ( 10 @.
This started a new era of naval warfare .
NASA has named the rim of Shackleton as a potential candidate for its lunar outpost , slated to be up and running by 2020 and continuously staffed by a crew by 2024 .
In their largest application , [UNK] are intermediates in the industrial production of hydrazine .
The French government agreed under the condition that cemeteries respected certain dimensions , were accessible by public road , were in the vicinity of medical aid stations and were not too close to towns or villages .
Of those in the company , approximately ten men escaped to friendly lines .
He was arrested but was pardoned in June .
All properties which had been confiscated by Domitian were returned to their respective families .
When Lester 's boss , Brad , tells him that he is to be laid off , Lester instead blackmails him for $ 60 @,@ 000 and quits his job .
After the North Korean breakthrough during the night of August 31 , Keiser had ordered the 2nd Battalion , 38th Infantry , to move south and help the 23rd Infantry establish a defensive position west of Changnyong .
There the North Koreans assaulted in force , signaled by green flares and blowing of whistles .
The CWGC is headquartered in Maidenhead , England .
[UNK] ( Greg Harrison ) — guitar ( 2015 – current )
The lopsided result is due to the vastly larger number of American claims , but also to some key early decisions that favored American interpretations in the processing of the claims , and by a British administration that sought to remain in America 's good graces .
The name was officially adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1994 .
His series were not always planned or painted in sequence ; sometimes paintings are grouped for convenience but vary in execution and tone .
The maximum effective rate of fire was only between 110 and 120 rounds per minute because of the frequent need to change the fifteen @-@ round magazines .
The Talmud adds that the sage Reb Meir Baal [UNK] , Rabbi Meir or Rabbi Meir Baal [UNK] ( Rabbi Meir the miracle maker ) was a Jewish sage who lived in the time of the [UNK] a prominent supporter of the Bar Kokhba rebellion against Roman rule .
Today , the rock has more underground tunnels than roads .
The transition occurs at a cut @-@ off frequency given by
Infraorder [UNK]
The book met with little popular or critical success , at least partly because it had no introduction or commentary to explain what the poets were attempting to do , and a number of copies were returned to the publisher .
As a compromise , taxes were cut from 4 @.
[UNK] ... [UNK] THE [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] OF [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] LIKE THIS ONE WILL LAG [UNK] 12 [UNK] [UNK] THE [UNK] [UNK] .
@ 91 ERA in 32 starts , pitching 2041 ⁄ 3 innings and recording 212 strikeouts .
Stevens had previously made US $ 395 @,@ 000 plus benefits in base salary , a relatively low figure for a successful Division I head basketball coach .
replaced the original version as the 12th track .
The sulci , which usually run around the nostrils and eye sockets , are part of a lateral line system used to detect vibrations in water .
While scientific experiments performed by Clementine and Lunar Prospector could indicate the presence of water in the polar craters , the current evidence is far from definitive .
The appearance of this anthology initiated a critical discussion of the place of the Imagists in the history of 20th @-@ century poetry .
The Annals by Tacitus ( c .
The fire is described in a manner similar to Julian of Norwich 's writing about God 's love and discussed in relationship to the shirt of Nessus , a shirt that burns its wearer .
[UNK] , a local Indian tracker , is asked to observe the trial as an independent witness .
The Commission was founded by Fabian Ware and constituted through Royal Charter in 1917 named the Imperial War Graves Commission .
Stevens attended [UNK] Community High School , where he became a star basketball player .
The soil is generally soft .
@ 58 metres ( 11 ft 9 in ) underneath the barbettes and magazines .
Hausmann concludes that Lester 's behavior toward Angela is " a misguided but nearly necessary step toward his becoming a father again " .
The rains resulted in the collapse of 1 @,@ 400 homes and an estimated CN ¥ 140 @.
Experts disagree about the number of species in the genus [UNK] ( broadly defined ) .
Although this was a minor post , in normal times it would have been at least the start of an official career .
The feud ended in a match at Backlash when Lesnar defeated Cena .
Contrary to Jack 's wishes , Ezra keeps the child and Jack ultimately reveals that the child is his own .
It was not until 1942 that the operations begun to succeed .
On July 31 , 2006 , the day before its release the album was made available online for streaming in its entirety through AOL .
Similarly , meteorologists working with the City University of Hong Kong issued a seasonal projection on April 24 , 2003 , indicating the likelihood of a normal or below normal season with 29 total tropical cyclones , 26 tropical storms , and 16 typhoons .
The headdress is decorated with jaguar paws ; this general identification of the decoration is contested by Beatriz de la Fuente since the " paws " have three claws each ; she identifies them as the claws of a bird of prey .
There are several legends surrounding the name Bintulu .
Many portraits of Nero were reworked to represent other figures ; according to Eric R. Varner , over fifty such images survive .
The second half was dominated by tight defense for both sides .
Nero is portrayed as a tyrant , but those that replace him are not described as better .
They had seven children , one of whom , Damien [UNK] , went on to become an artist like his mother .
The North Koreans ' offensive capability was largely destroyed , and the US troops resolved to hold their lines barring further attack .
@ 7 cm ( 5 @.
The Mk VII design relied on an unusual steering method and a mechanical system incorporated into earlier Vickers models .
[UNK] include the Late Carboniferous genus [UNK] and the family [UNK] .
The tsunami victims in Sri Lanka and Indonesia were aided by [UNK] in 2004 , as well as the Mexico City Flood victims .
The portion of Akron Road ( NY 93 's former routing ) east of the Lockport city limits became NY [UNK] , an unsigned reference route .
They performed two aerial refuelings .
Bintulu was a sub @-@ district of Miri Division in the 1970s .
The city is also the host to the Feast of the Black Nazarene , held every January 9 , which draws millions of Catholic devotees .
The first operations were unsuccessful .
The headdress is decorated with a pair of human hands ; a feathered ornament is carved at the back of the headband and two discs adorn the front .
They are the original and simplest filters produced by this methodology and consist of a ladder network of identical sections of passive components .
Tamu Bintulu and Pasar Utama are the two main markets in the town .
The boats were equipped with two 45 @-@ centimetre ( 17 @.
Independiente became his fourth chart @-@ topper , following Poquita Ropa ( 2010 ) .
At the conclusion of the season , Butler signed Stevens to a seven @-@ year contract . "
In that year , he took the civil service exam , likely in Chang 'an .
The demands on first @-@ class ironclads for very heavy armor and armament meant increasing displacement , which reduced speed under sail ; and the fashion for turrets and barbettes made a sailing rig increasingly inconvenient .
In his review , Chad Bower labeled Come What ( ever ) May as a " very melodic and accessible album " stating that " it has a little something for everyone . "
With or without permission , Germany would take entry through Spain and attack Gibraltar driving the British out of the Western Mediterranean .
and Aldington under the Imagiste rubric , ( published in the November 1912 second issue thereof ) with a note which described Aldington as ' one of the ' [UNK] ' .
He asked for the situation to be clarified , stressing the shortage of accommodation in Britain and insisting that only 13 @,@ 000 could be accepted , 2 @,@ 000 of whom were to be sent to the Portuguese Atlantic island of Madeira .
He had also been a Michigan High School Athletic Association ( MHSAA ) state champion in both basketball and track and field .
These improvements were eventually abandoned under the Commonwealth Government of Manuel L. Quezon .
The eight Germaniawerft @-@ built boats were slightly longer at 28 @.
Private First Class Joseph R. Ouellette , of H Company , left the perimeter to gather weapons , ammunition , and grenades from the North Korean dead .
The temnospondyl [UNK] also has extensive plating on its back .
The commander of the Tetrarch made his report , and was then ordered to take command of four Valentines and two Tetrarchs which had recently arrived and once again attempt to breach the French defences .
Operation California was also the winner of the 1983 President 's Volunteer Action Award .
THE [UNK] [UNK] HAS [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] TO 30 KT .
It was buried at a depth of less than 1 metre ( 3 @.
The flagpole west of the Rizal Monument is the Kilometer Zero marker for distances to the rest of the country .
Albin [UNK] — writing , background vocals
Before the Spanish – American War , Manila saw the rise of the Philippine Revolution .
She took on a 5 @-@ degree list that was quickly corrected before she was ordered to tow the crippled carrier Chiyoda to safety .
Both sides claimed victory .
M19 Gun Motor Carriages of the 82nd AAA Battalion supported the engineers in this action , which lasted several hours .
He joined the United Talent Agency , where his representative , Andrew [UNK] , suggested he write a spec script to " reintroduce [ himself ] to the town as a screenwriter " .
Finally Dickstein noted that because almost all the points of Hitler 's speech are drawn from some of Steiner 's earlier works , he " unwittingly creates sympathy for Hitler by making him old and pathetic yet also lucid and brilliant — at once absurdly harmless and unconvincingly dangerous . "
Kiss You " was included in the set list of the group 's 3 December 2012 sold @-@ out show at New York City 's Madison Square Garden .
The flight deck had eight permanent storage positions connected by rails to the catapults and the hydraulically operated aircraft lift that brought the aircraft up from the hangar below on the trolleys used to move the floatplanes about .
One person died on Miyako @-@ jima after being struck by flying glass .
It varied from the 2009 Claxton Shield by expanding the season to include ten rounds .
Kouma 's patrol was then ambushed by a group of North Koreans dressed in US military uniforms .
The 3rd District ( 2015 population : 197 @,@ 242 ) covers Binondo , Quiapo , San Nicolas and Santa Cruz .
@ 2 m ) in altitude on a route that was planned to avoid areas of more intense violence reported in the northern parts of the city .
Another port operator , the Asian Terminal Incorporated , has its corporate office and main operations in the Manila South Harbor and its container depository located in Santa Mesa .
The clip depicts the band shooting various scenes via a green screen , which include sequences reminiscent of iconic music videos of songs such as the Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Jailhouse Rock " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " .
However , Faarooq was injured during a match with Lesnar and Angle 's team was forced to find a replacement for him .
The initial Nakajima E4N2 biplanes were replaced by Nakajima E8N2 biplanes in 1938 .
Jane and Angela constantly reference sex , through Angela 's descriptions of her supposed sexual encounters and the way the girls address each other .
Nine U @-@ boats were sunk while attempting passage and ten more were damaged .
In 1962 the monument was removed from the San Lorenzo plateau in order to put it on display as part of " The Olmec tradition " exhibition at the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston in 1963 .
During his post @-@ match celebration , Lesnar flipped off the crowd who had been booing him .
Haynes ' command post was 7 miles ( 11 km ) north of Changnyong .
Arjona dedicated the album to his father , who died in 2011 .
Here , NY 93 intersects with CR 573 ( John Street ) at a junction that was once the western terminus of NY 267 .
Cope classified [UNK] as a subgroup of Labyrinthodontia , placing many small , amphibian @-@ like animals within it .
DreamWorks launched a major campaign to increase the film 's chances of Academy Award success ; at the 72nd Academy Awards the following year , the film won Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor ( for Spacey ) , Best Original Screenplay , and Best Cinematography .
After completing her sea trials , Ise was attached to the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy at Etajima and ferried troops and munitions to the naval base at Truk in October .
He earned three letters in basketball , three in track , and one in baseball during his days at [UNK] .
Eight sister ships to Napoléon were built in France over a period of ten years , but the United Kingdom soon managed to take the lead in production .
At the same time , Bintulu sub @-@ district was upgraded to the present @-@ day Bintulu District .
@ 7 in ) in Ōita Prefecture , was reported .
Additionally , Littlejohn adaptors were added to those Tetrarchs which still possessed their 2 pounders to increase their muzzle velocity and armour penetration .
They were found across Luzon before the Malayo @-@ Polynesians migrated in and assimilated them .
Sherdog Awards
Cena instead joined Angle 's team , and Angle added Hardcore Holly as the fifth member ; Lesnar had injured Holly the year before and he hadn 't wrestled since .
After an eye began to form , Parma was upgraded to typhoon status the next day .
On the other hand , Wallace Stevens found shortcomings in the Imagist approach : " Not all objects are equal .
In a February 2012 interview , Arjona stated that " El Amor " was the " most tawdry " song he had released to date , explaining that their choice of the song was a " contradiction " because it was not " the song which could better represent the entire album " .
There were several circulations in the region , with Tropical Storm [UNK] to the northeast near Taiwan , and the overall system moved generally westward .
The 1960 ABC Championship and the 1973 ABC Championship , forerunners of the FIBA Asia Championship , was hosted by the complex , with the national basketball team winning on both tournaments .
@ 45 metres ( 4 @.
The 1st District ( 2015 population : 415 @,@ 906 ) is Manila 's ( and the country 's ) most densely populated congressional district .
In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in the episode " Teddy 's Story " of the television series The Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi .
Subsequently , it weakened and made landfall at Jupiter , Florida , early on September 4 with winds of 125 mph ( 201 km / h ) .
Even in modern Japanese , the term Saint of Poetry ( [UNK] , [UNK] ) is mostly synonymous with Du Fu .
On June 8 , 2008 the congregation dedicated its new building at 1175 East 29th Avenue .
It moved quickly northward and later to the northwest in an area generally unfavorable for strengthening , such as the presence of wind shear and land interaction .
They have two sons : Turk ( born June 3 , 2009 ) and Duke ( born July 21 , 2010 ) .
In the spring of 1813 , he was appointed by Governor Caleb Strong to fill the U.S. Senate seat vacated by the resignation of Senator James Lloyd .
By 2004 , an advanced objective Dvorak technique was developed which utilized banding features for systems below hurricane intensity and to objectively determine the tropical cyclone 's center .
The film grossed $ 8 @,@ 188 @,@ 587 over the weekend , ranking third at the box office .
Lesnar later told a Minnesota radio show that he had " three wonderful years " in WWE , but had grown unhappy and always wanted to play pro football , adding that he did not want to be 40 years old and wondering if he could have " made it " in football .
Head VI was first exhibited at the Hanover Gallery , London , in 1949 .
They could launch aircraft up to 4 @,@ 600 kilograms ( 10 @,@ 100 lb ) in weight and required 30 seconds to launch each aircraft .
In late 1942 , the German headquarters in Berlin ordered the sabotage operations being expanded .
This return was lower than would have been expected had DreamWorks and Blockbuster reached an agreement .
Lesnar returned at UFC 141 in December , losing to Alistair [UNK] and promptly retiring from MMA .
Lesnar followed this rivalry with a feud involving Hardcore Holly .
Gibraltar was a very tempting target for the Italians , who saw it as a refuge for British warships and allied merchant shipping .
Operation Tracer was a top @-@ secret British stay @-@ behind spying mission that was only to be implemented if Gibraltar was captured by the Axis Powers .
@ 0 km ) north of Agok and A Company 's position , B Company , 9th Infantry , held a similar position on Hill 209 overlooking the [UNK] ferry crossing of the river .
AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies - Nominated
The evacuees were grouped into 15 @-@ person " sticks " to be loaded onto the helicopters and were limited to one piece of luggage apiece .
Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir , Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis .
The work has been imitated and printed without authorization in a variety of ways .
During the development of most tetrapods , teeth begin to [UNK] at their tips .
General Ludwig Kübler 's XLIX Corps would conduct the actual attack on the Rock .
In March , a detachment of four No.
However , in contrast , reviewer William Fry of IGN criticized the album , saying " Stone Sour doesn 't do anything inspired , original , or fresh here " even calling the album " completely misdirected , and stonewalled . "
@ 8 ft ) high and measures 1 @.
Ise was converted at Kure Naval Arsenal from 23 February to 5 September 1943 and Hyūga at Sasebo Naval Arsenal from 2 May to 30 November .
Tom Ward was drawn to his role because of the quality of the script , and also stated his young children were pleased that he appeared in the programme .
Species are also non @-@ spiny palms and includes both large trees with stout stems up to 30 metres ( 98 ft ) tall and acaulescent palms ( one which lack an aboveground stem ) .
However , some fully mature [UNK] also possess [UNK] bones but did not have external gills .
Some modern historians question the reliability of ancient sources when reporting on Nero 's tyrannical acts .
That day , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) classified the system as a tropical depression about 380 km ( 235 mi ) to the southeast of Hagåtña , Guam .
Lesnar has also appeared in multiple comedic Instagram and Vine videos by actor Eric Stonestreet .
Washington , D.C. is depicted as a remote location near Mexico .
It bears the same functions of the deactivated National Capital Regional Command , although it operates on a much smaller size than its predecessor .
a myriad of additional Jewish cultural / religious issues , such as the acceptance of intermarried couples , adherence to kosher dietary laws , the use of modern language and music during worship services , rewriting of certain prayers such as the [UNK] to make them less ethnocentric , and so on .
[UNK] , the building featured an interior courtyard that provided natural lighting , and " a network of ceiling beams painted with symbols and shapes " by [UNK] .
He ordered the Fourth Carrier Division to reverse course and engage the Americans , but the battleships were unable to find them , and Ozawa ordered them to reverse course and head for Amami Ōshima .
The decision to retain muzzle @-@ loaders until the 1880s has been criticised by historians .
Damage was heaviest in South Korea , notably where it moved ashore .
Kershaw and his wife , Ellen , co @-@ authored a book named Arise : Live Out Your Faith and Dreams on Whatever Field You Find Yourself about their Christian faith and their humanitarian efforts .
Stevens correctly anticipated the play call and had Ronald Nored , the team 's best defender , switch onto [UNK] Lucious off a screen .
This measure led to chaos , as everyone acted in his own interests while trying to settle scores with personal enemies , leading the consul Fronto to famously remark that Domitian 's tyranny was ultimately preferable to Nerva 's anarchy .
At this stage of the battle fighting paused .
Some [UNK] , such as [UNK] and [UNK] , even inhabited Antarctica , which was covered in temperate forests at the time .
Even the later HMS Shannon , often described as the first British armored cruiser , would have been too slow to outrun General @-@ Admiral .
The [UNK] family [UNK] is thought to be most closely related to Lissamphibia .
From the perspective of the Earth , this crater lies along the southern limb of the Moon , making observation difficult .
The Marines who had been doused in fuel during the refueling were able to take a shower and wash their clothes .
The [UNK] plant is operated by Cipta [UNK] Sdn Bhd .
Terrestrial [UNK] have larger , thicker limbs , and some even have claws .
Near where Etau first struck Japan , Muroto reported a peak wind gust of 166 km / h ( 103 mph ) , at the time the third strongest on record there .
Most of the recruits for the sabotage operations were Spaniards from the Campo .
Modern history has expanded upon this sentiment , characterizing Nerva as a well @-@ intentioned but weak and ineffectual ruler .
Though Rand and Taylor wrote most of the music and lyrics for the first album , respectively , writing for Come What ( ever ) May was done by all members .
The harbour continued to operate dry docks and supply depots for the convoy routes through the Mediterranean until V @-@ E Day in 1945 .
Most ironclads of the 1870s retained masts , and only the Italian navy , which during that decade was focused on short @-@ range operations in the Adriatic , built consistently mastless ironclads .
The Great Fire of Rome erupted on the night of 18 July to 19 July 64 .
There are about 50 primary and eight secondary schools in Bintulu .
In Amami Ōshima , the storm left 10 @,@ 810 people without power .
American Beauty marked acclaimed theater director Mendes ' film debut ; courted after his successful productions of the musicals Oliver !
The 60 soldiers selected for the security detail were issued weapons and ammunition .
With low wind shear and favorable outflow , the convection became better organized , and the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Parma on October 21 .
Since 2007 , new residents have started several squatter areas in Bintulu due to inability to find affordable housing , around [UNK] Industrial estate and Sungai [UNK] .
In an interview about the NFL , he stated :
The Tevis novel had been optioned several times , including by Frank Sinatra , but attempts to adapt it for the screen were unsuccessful .
He had helped to design several of Charles ' more important victories at Emmendingen , Schliengen , the sieges at Kehl and [UNK] , the battles at Ostrach and Stockach , and the northern Swiss Campaign of 1799 that included battles at Winterthur and Zürich .
Reports state that his new contract is a six @-@ year , $ 22 million deal .
Eddie refuses and Charlie realizes he plans to challenge Fats again .
Owen used these fossils to counter the notion that reptiles evolved from a sequential progression from early amphibians ( what he called " metamorphosed fishes " ) .
This time it was Ise 's turn and she was struck 11 or more times with many near misses that put her on the bottom in shallow water with a 15 degree list .
Imagism was a movement in early 20th @-@ century Anglo @-@ American poetry that favored precision of imagery and clear , sharp language .
Ed Asner
Lesnar was diagnosed with a legitimate concussion from the botched shooting star press .
The end date for the First World War period is the official end of the war , while for the Second World War the Commission selected a date approximately the same period after VE Day as the official end of the First World War was after the 1918 Armistice .
When daylight came Schmitt and his group saw that they were surrounded by North Koreans .
In 2000 , Lesnar signed with the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) .
The applicable periods of consideration are 4 August 1914 to 31 August 1921 for the First World War and 3 September 1939 to 31 December 1947 for the Second World War .
Butler became the smallest school to play for a National Championship since Jacksonville in 1970 .
He served one term , losing to Democratic @-@ Republican Elbridge Gerry in 1810 .
The Hayward has loaned it out a number of times since , including for major retrospectives at the Grand Palais , Paris in 1971 , and the Hugh Lane Gallery , Dublin , in 2000 .
Keiser in this emergency attached the 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion to the regiment .
Two heavy weapons companies , D and H , were each to furnish one section of heavy machine guns , one section of 81 @-@ mm.
A total of 20 UB Is were built .
Leading up to the match , in the storyline , Lesnar broke the Undertaker 's hand with a propane tank .
All six of the magazine 's reviewers recommended the game .
Britain and France each had sixteen either completed or under construction , though the British vessels were larger .
An expectation had consequently arisen that individual soldiers would expect to be commemorated , even if they were low @-@ ranking members of the military .
On March 5 , 2003 , meteorologists from the University College London at the Tropical Storm Risk ( TSR ) Consortium issued an extended range forecast for the typhoon season , noting the likelihood of near average tropical cyclone activity as a result of projected neutral sea surface temperatures .
Gore was one of several high @-@ profile lawyers assigned to defend participants in the rebellion ( included in this group were Theodore Sedgwick , Caleb Strong , James Sullivan , Levi Lincoln , Sr. , and Thomas Dawes ) .
This gives the effect of a man trapped and suffocated by his surroundings , screaming into an airless void .
It appears Vespasian befriended Nerva during his time as an imperial advisor , and may have asked him to watch over Vespasian 's youngest son Domitian when Vespasian departed for the Jewish war in 67 .
However , he felt the character @-@ heavy story was to the detriment of the plot , which was " a classic Who set @-@ up that ultimately suffers from a lack of explanation [ and ] more set @-@ pieces than a coherent whole " .
25 @,@ 14 ) .
Kutuzov would have ample warning of any large @-@ scale French movement .
Ricky convinces Jane to flee with him to New York City and assures Angela that she is ugly , boring , and ordinary .
The jaw mechanics of the [UNK] [UNK] is well known , and is one of the most highly adapted .
He made his debut on 11 August 2012 in 7 – 6 penalty shoot @-@ out victory over Rotherham United in the first round of the 2012 – 13 Football League Cup .
Very early in Nero 's rule , problems arose from competition for influence between Agrippina and Nero 's two main advisers , Seneca and [UNK] .
To the west of Stein the Danube made a large curve , creating a crescent @-@ shaped floodplain between it and the mountains .
However , following the capitulation of the French to the German armies later in June 1940 , the new Pro @-@ German French Vichy Government found the presence of Gibraltarian evacuees in Casablanca an embarrassment and sought opportunities for their removal .
The NK 9th and 4th divisions were not able to resume the offensive .
Ezra is enraged upon learning that his own daughter was mistreated by Jack , but Mary steps between the two men .
The junction also marks a shift in the road 's surroundings as the homes give way to open , rolling terrain .
After the storm , workers quickly restored power lines , while the government provided monetary assistance to storm @-@ ravaged families , after Cagayan was declared a state of calamity .
[UNK] @-@ [UNK] used the name Labyrinthodontia in a strict sense ( sensu stricto ) to refer to [UNK] and [UNK] , excluding [UNK] .
France proceeded to construct 16 ironclad warships , including two more sister ships to Gloire , and the only two @-@ decked broadside ironclads ever built , Magenta and [UNK] .
On April 21 , the typhoon was downgraded to tropical storm intensity and began to track erratically for several days east of Taiwan .
On September 25 , 2014 , the Commission on Audit released its 2013 Annual Financial Report citing the city 's income at ₱ 10 @.
Similarly , Megan Frye triumphed the album as an " unyielding effort from a promising talent " .
Morris Dickstein of The New York Times was more critical of the book , calling it " a misconceived and badly executed novel , a sideshow distraction from the serious business of thinking through the unspeakable horrors of the Nazi era . "
[UNK] [UNK] is also produced to supply ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser ( [UNK] ) plant .
@ 0 in ) Type 89 dual @-@ purpose guns , fitted on both sides of the forward superstructures in four twin @-@ gun mounts .
Mendes realized during editing that the film was different from the one he had envisioned .
The tanks attempted to breach them , but the rocky ground made manoeuvring difficult and they could not close with the pillboxes and trenches ; they engaged a number of targets with 2 pounder and machine @-@ gun fire , but the line had to be cleared by an infantry assault later in the day .
It took until 1881 for the Royal Navy to lay down a long @-@ range armored warship capable of catching enemy commerce raiders , HMS Warspite , which was completed in 1888 .
He and other similarly @-@ situated Federalists formed the Massachusetts Society for Promoting Agriculture , of which he served as a trustee for several years ; the organization was not seen as significantly contributing to advances in agriculture .
The replica was a gift by the government of [UNK] state , Cumbre [UNK] and Mexico Trade ; it was first [UNK] in Dag [UNK] Park , outside the United Nations , in 2012 .
The Minister of Home Affairs , William Craig , made an order on 3 October prohibiting the march on the grounds that the Apprentice Boys of Derry were intending to hold a march on the same day .
They also released a teaser of the tone of the new album on their Facebook page and soon after , the track " One More Body " .
@ 8 million USD ) in damage .
He was consul four times between 55 and 60 .
Germany and Bulgaria negotiated the purchase of two UB I boats for the Bulgarian Navy , UB @-@ 7 and UB @-@ 8 , in 1916 .
Bacon 's output is characterised by sequences of images .
Other [UNK] probably also lifted their skulls , but they are not as well adapted for such movement .
The ears have been completely eroded away and the lips are damaged .
The film is set in an upper middle @-@ class neighborhood in an unidentified American town .
The American poet Ezra Pound was introduced to the group in April 1909 and found that their ideas were close to his own .
However , the surface albedo of the crater floor matches the lunar far @-@ side , suggesting that there is no exposed surface ice .
They were also allowed use or take anything they needed from the embassy ; the medic filled several bags with medical supplies to return to the ship .
Osbert was still alive in 1184 , as he was a witness to a document at York then , and may have been alive as late as 1194 , when Hugh Bardulf was responsible for the farm of Osbert 's lands , as the record of that transaction in the escheat roll is unclear if Osbert was alive at that time or dead .
During the Early Triassic ( 251 @.
[UNK] were small @-@ bodied and had simple conical teeth , while [UNK] were larger and had complex , folded dentin and enamel in their teeth .
Now people say I can 't play football , that it 's a joke .
The latter ship was modernized in 1934 – 36 and Ise in 1935 – 37 , both at Kure Naval Arsenal .
A characteristic feature of Imagism is its attempt to isolate a single image to reveal its essence .
Collier , having spent the entire season observing the assistant coaches ' interaction with the team , agreed .
In 1562 Girolamo Cardano published in Basel his [UNK] [UNK] , which was one of the first historical references of the Modern era to portray Nero in a positive light .
On 24 May 1944 , after participating in a further series of exercises and manoeuvres , ' A ' Squadron moved from their training area to a transit camp at Tarrant Rushton airfield , while the rest of the regiment moved to RAF [UNK] Norton airfield the next day ; from these two airfields , the regiment would be transported from to participate in the British airborne landings in Normandy .
Realising that this bias may be apparent to others , Tacitus protests that his writing is true .
Writing in Time magazine , Otto Friedrich described the book " a philosophic fantasy of remarkable intensity " , adding that by not refuting Hitler 's speech , Steiner deviates from the horrors of traditional Holocaust literature and ends the book " on a note of bleak ambiguity " .
Development of the railway system began in the 1970s under the Marcos administration , making it the first light rail transport in Southeast Asia .
Bony scutes are also seen in [UNK] , but unlike [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] , these animals are thought to have been fully aquatic .
Shot by November 2012 , the music video was characterised , in several MTV News interviews , as " bigger than anything we 've done before " by Zayn Malik , as " a lot of hard work " by Payne , as " pure stupidity " by Louis Tomlinson , and as " I wouldn 't say [ it 's ] comedy , it 's all tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek " by Arnell .
The cumulative effect of these delays resulted in the production of only a small number of Mk VIIs ; estimates place the final total produced to be between 100 and 177 .
Kelly West of Cinema Blend focused primarily on the series finale in her review but referred to this episode as containing a solid case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week .
@ 95 metres ( 3 @.
[UNK] was a major influence on the Language poets , who carried the Imagist focus on formal concerns to a high level of development .
Furthermore , after misreading Napoleon 's maneuvers in Württemberg , Mack also reported to Vienna on the weakness of French dispositions .
In Derry , residents came out onto the streets to resist the arrests , and fewer people were taken there than elsewhere ; nevertheless leading figures including Seán Keenan and Johnnie White were interned .
Parthia began building up for a strike against the Roman province of Syria .
Despite the rigorous searches , bodies continued to be discovered in numbers .
In the three years following the conclusion of the general search 38 @,@ 000 bodies were discovered .
Several days later , the typhoon prompted cyclone warnings and other precautionary measures in the Philippines after forecasts indicated the potential for strong winds and rain .
Release / Rolling German
It appears unfinished and has suffered severe damage through weathering , making analysis difficult .
The cross is normally a freestanding four @-@ point limestone Latin cross , mounted on an octagonal base , and ranging in height from 14 to 32 feet .
Family [UNK]
Russian commander Mikhail Andreyevich [UNK] would approach Gazan 's division from the east , supported by Petr Bagration 's corps , and pin the French in place .
One of the first broad @-@ scale studies of temnospondyl phylogeny was conducted by paleontologist Andrew Milner in 1990 .
Arjona further explained that he received the " minimum royalty percentage " from his most successful albums .
The city also contains the Manila Science High School , the pilot science high school of the Philippines ; the National Museum , where the [UNK] of Juan Luna is housed ; the Metropolitan Museum of Manila , a museum of modern and contemporary visual arts ; the Museo [UNK] , the Children 's Museum , a place of hands @-@ on discovery and fun learning ; and , the National Library , the repository of the country 's printed and recorded cultural heritage and other literary and information resources .
Lesnar returned on the January 28 , 2013 episode of Raw , confronting Vince McMahon who was about to fire Heyman , and Despite Heyman 's pleas , Lesnar hit McMahon with an F @-@ 5 , breaking McMahon 's pelvis in storyline .
One force occupied the higher knob half a mile above them , formerly held by B Company .
Ball produced around 40 pages , but stopped when he realized it would work better as a film .
The total time from departure of the railcars from the shipyard to operational readiness for the boats was about six weeks .
Early forms , with complex vertebrae consisting of a number of separate elements , were placed in the suborder [UNK] , and large Triassic aquatic forms with simpler vertebrae were placed in the suborder [UNK] .
The first text to suggest that Nero ordered the execution of an apostle is a letter by Clement to the Corinthians traditional dated to around 96 A.D.
They were replaced with the M22 Locust , a purpose @-@ built airborne light tank of American design ; eight Locusts were used by the regiment in March 1945 during Operation Varsity , the airborne operation to cross the river Rhine .
Patrols daily had to open the main supply road and clear the town .
[UNK] were found in association with workshops at San Lorenzo , indicating their use in the finishing of fine detail .
Despite these additions and the loss of members to Congregation [UNK] Torah , the synagogue was not large enough , particularly during the High Holidays , when extra space had to be rented .
Temple Beth Israel ( Hebrew : בית ישראל ) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 1175 East 29th Avenue in Eugene , Oregon .
One temnospondyl , the [UNK] [UNK] , may have brooded young in an area between the gills called the pharyngeal pouch .
@ 1 metres long and had a capacity of 6 tonnes ( 5 @.
In about 1991 – 92 , Ball saw a plastic bag blowing in the wind outside the World Trade Center .
On the evening of August 31 , A Company moved from its ridge positions overlooking Agok and the river to new positions along the river below the ridge line .
Lundgren was the first pitcher to win since 1986 .
155 – 229 ) was the son of Cassius [UNK] , a Roman senator .
Also , the main campus of the Cathedral of Praise is located along Taft Avenue .
There were many types of ironclads :
That 's our focus .
Since an uneven number ( five ) teams were involved , four teams paired off for each round and played a three @-@ game series , while the remaining team took a bye .
HMS Inflexible , launched in 1876 but not commissioned until 1881 , was the last British battleship to carry masts , and these were widely seen as a mistake .
Two twin @-@ gun mounts for license @-@ built Vickers two @-@ pounder light AA guns were also added .
By that time , the storm was moving steadily westward due to the subtropical ridge to the north .
Family [UNK]
The game has a themed frame and uses a wide palette of colors in @-@ game when played with the Super Game Boy .
The weakness of the breech @-@ loader was the obvious problem of sealing the breech .
He scored , and his team went on to win the game 3 – 2 , together with the league title .
@ 6 million of the organisation 's £ 66 @.
The ZNG , formally established on 23 April , was tasked with protection of the constitutional order , maintenance of public order , anti @-@ terrorist operations , protection of Croatia 's borders , territory , coast and territorial waters , as well as the protection of high @-@ value structures and high @-@ profile persons .
He had a guest @-@ starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000 .
In 1988 the library was demolished to make way for car parks .
One person , an African American farm worker , was killed when his shack blew down in Gomez , a brakeman died after seven railcars derailed , and a child was killed by airborne debris .
The affairs of the CWGC are overseen by a Board of Commissioners .
The Commission handed over the first six volumes to the Dean of Westminster on 21 February 1956 ; the final volume was added to the showcase in 1958 .
In the age of sail , the British strategy for war depended on the Royal Navy mounting a blockade of the ports of the enemy .
Following this is a discussion on death and destruction , things [UNK] , and regret for past events .
They carried twelve to eighteen 6th Year Type torpedoes which had a 200 @-@ kilogram ( 440 lb ) warhead .
Several groups of [UNK] have large bony plates on their backs .
He was additionally selected as the starting pitcher for the TSN NL All @-@ Star Team .
Following peak intensity , Kujira would begin to track northwest and oscillate in strength , cresting an additional two times in intensity .
They participated in the Battle of Cape Engaño in late 1944 , where they [UNK] the American carrier fleet supporting the invasion of Leyte away from the landing beaches .
Manchester United
Of the 80 athletes who participated in the events , the Chadian sprinter ranked 70th .
Unlike [UNK] , [UNK] was known since 1969 , and the presence of pedicellate teeth in its jaws has led some paleontologists to conclude soon after its naming that it was a relative of modern amphibians .
The latter contained this succinct statement of the group 's position :
Some Blockbuster stores only displayed 60 copies , and others did not display the film at all , forcing customers to ask for it .
Although the position seemed secure , he had ignored Napoleon 's strict instructions and neglected to protect his left ( north ) flank .
Due to the Japanese occupation of the Philippines , American soldiers were ordered to withdraw from the city and all military installations were removed on December 24 , 1941 .
On 8 July 1978 , the Bintulu Development Authority ( BDA ) was established by the Sarawak state government for infrastructure development and to promote industrial investment in the area .
The weather had been cold ; an early storm had left slick icy mud in the roadways , and icicles " like chandeliers " hung from the trees .
The [UNK] are rectangular plates with an additional trapezoid element at the front .
Through [UNK] , NY 93 retains the Youngstown – Lockport Road name , intersecting with [UNK] Road ( CR 17 ) in the hamlet 's business district .
@ 5 km / h ) .
It is located at [UNK] Road , 12 km ( 7 @.
All of these [UNK] were adapted to a terrestrial lifestyle .
Rather than disembark in nearby Mombasa , as originally thought by the evacuees , the ships were ordered back to Oman — a five @-@ day journey .
Each barangay has its own chairperson and councilors .
She had been converted from a commercial vessel in New Orleans for river and coastal fighting .
Q
On the right @-@ hand side , three tassels descend from the upper portion of the headdress ; they terminate in a total of eight strips that hang down across the horizontal band .
Lawn paths add to the garden ambiance , and are irrigated during the dry season in countries where there is insufficient rain .
It has sagging cheeks and wide eyes .
Jack apologizes and wants to make it right .
Tacitus and Suetonius wrote their histories on Nero over fifty years after his death , while Cassius Dio wrote his history over 150 years after Nero 's death .
Each of these developments was introduced separately in the decade before the first ironclads .
This crater has also been proposed as a future site for a large infrared telescope .
Nerva became Emperor at the age of sixty @-@ five , after a lifetime of imperial service under Nero and the rulers of the Flavian dynasty .
The special featured guest appearances by Gaby Moreno , Ricky Muñoz ( of the Mexican band Intocable ) and Paquita la del Barrio .
Best Brawler ( 2003 )
Therefore , the small river stream was named " [UNK] [UNK] " river .
By November 3 , it had weakened to tropical storm status , and was no longer being warned on by the next day .
To use absolutely no word that does not contribute to the presentation .
These expelled " Jews " may have been early Christians , although Suetonius is not explicit .
During his term , Estrada has paid the city 's over ₱ 5 billion debts , increase revenues by 2 @.
The British specification was more a large , powerful frigate than a ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line .
In July 2005 , the two sides dropped their claims and entered negotiations to renew their relationship .
Of the event 's 85 competitors , [UNK] finished in 64th place .
All three squadrons were transported to Inverary in Scotland for intensive training that focused on embarkation and disembarkation from ships and landing craft to prepare them for action in potential amphibious operations .
Heavier guns to penetrate ever @-@ thicker armor meant that fewer guns could be carried .
It consists of a list of short term priority projects and medium to long term infrastructure projects that will last up to 2030 .
The head displays prominent teeth .
Stevens has often been referred to as a coaching prodigy , but is not interested in self @-@ promotion .
She was placed 12th in the Individual Championship Test – Grade IV , and 11th in the Individual Freestyle Test – Grade IV and Team Test – Grade IV .
@ 1 ft ) deep .
In addition to Clara , " The Snowmen " also introduces a redesigned TARDIS , revised title sequence and theme music , and sees changes to the Doctor 's costume .
[UNK] tend to attack at the [UNK] nitrogen when the nitrogen substituent is small ( R1 = H ) , and at the oxygen atom when the nitrogen substituent has greater steric bulk .
In 1987 a clock tower and a fountain were erected at Council Negri Monument .
@ 9 km / h ; 1 @.
He also pitched for USA Baseball 's Junior National Team in the Pan Am Championship .
The demise of Tetrarch was prevented by a decision made by the War Office in mid @-@ 1941 , as it was considering the equipment to be used by Britain 's fledgling airborne forces , formed in June 1940 under the orders of the Prime Minister , Winston Churchill .
Due to the delay Stone Sour released a music video for the track " Reborn " , which featured footage of the band working on the album in the studio .
Roads into the city centre were closed at night and people were prevented from walking on certain streets .
It attracts 1 million people every month , but is expected to add another 400 @,@ 000 people when the LRT @-@ 2 West Extension is constructed , making it Manila 's busiest transfer station .
@ 2 km ) , including a cluster of residences around its closely spaced intersections with CR 253 ( Carney Road ) and CR 42 ( Rapids Road ) .
As Lesnar and Big Show continued their rivalry , Kurt Angle returned from his neck surgery and he and Lesnar began to form a more friendly rivalry , as the two were allies yet contenders for the title .
The monument was found 0 @.
Armed looters were observed entering the embassy compound as the final wave departed .
Manila is known for its distinct Art Deco theaters which are designed by National Artists such as Juan [UNK] and Pablo Antonio .
DreamWorks contracted Amazon.com to create the official website , marking the first time that Amazon had created a special section devoted to a feature film .
Stevens became the second @-@ youngest head coach to coach in the NCAA National Championship Game , behind Branch McCracken who led the Indiana Hoosiers to the 1940 National Championship at age 31 .
However , the depiction of swimming was transformed into an image of dancing , an act that appears throughout Yeats 's poetry , within [UNK] flames .
To resolve this issue , the IJN designed a smaller 140 @-@ millimetre ( 5 @.
The genus has a complicated taxonomic history , and has often been split into four or five genera based on differences in the male flowers .
Another proposal , the towed or ' Harvey ' torpedo , involved an explosive on a line or outrigger ; either to deter a ship from ramming or to make a torpedo attack by a boat less suicidal .
Both ships were also given torpedo bulges to improve their underwater protection and to compensate for the weight of the additional armour .
Jack orders Ezra to take the baby to an orphanage , but Marie begs Ezra to keep him .
The sisters were struck off the Navy List in November and their wrecks were scrapped after the war .
On July 24 it was reported that he was nearly recovered from his groin injury .
In the Associated Press poll at the end of the 1947 season , the Notre Dame Fighting Irish were ranked ahead of the University of Michigan , though both teams were undefeated .
@ 7 in ) shorter than their counterparts .
@ 76 inHg ) .
On August 11 , he went over 200 innings on the season , becoming the 12th Los Angeles Dodger pitcher with three or more seasons of 200 or more innings , and the first since Hershiser did it five times from 1985 to 1989 .
The headstones within the cemetery are of a uniform size and design and mark plots of equal size .
He described Moreno as " incredibly talented " , a " countrywoman " and a " fantastic human being " .
Products extracted from A. speciosa were reported to support over 300 @,@ 000 households in the Brazilian state of Maranhão in 2005 , and in 1985 it was estimated to support over 450 @,@ 000 households throughout the Brazil .
Ambassador Bishop had significant experience in crisis management at US embassies .
Of the 7 @,@ 900 families adversely affected by the hurricane , 4 @,@ 325 required assistance from the American Red Cross .
South Africa Agency is headed by a secretary and is responsible for Republic of South Africa , Namibia , Saint Helena and Ascension Island
Early shooting put more focus on the pool playing , but during filming Rossen made the decision to place more emphasis on the love story between Newman and Laurie 's characters .
From Cairns it continued to conduct reconnaissance , anti @-@ submarine and occasional bombing operations over the waters around New Guinea .
The first Tetrarchs were delivered to the Army in November 1940 , and were initially deployed with the 1st Armoured Division ( which was being refitted after losing the majority of its previous tanks during the Battle of France ) and the newly formed 6th Armoured Division .
The ends of the belt armour were closed off by bulkheads that ranged in thickness from 203 to 102 mm ( 8 to 4 in ) .
As the morning passed , General Walker decided that the situation was most critical in the Naktong Bulge area of the US 2nd Division sector .
Throughout the Philippines , Imbudo damaged or destroyed 62 @,@ 314 houses , causing [UNK] billion ( 2003 PHP , $ 86 million 2003 USD ) in damage .
Willie Mosconi served as technical advisor on the film and shot a number of the trick shots in place of the actors .
For several days , the system remained disorganized while drifting to the west @-@ northwest due to weak steering currents south of the subtropical ridge .
His wife Tracy adds , " He ’ s calm and collected , but he ’ s fiercely competitive .
According to Cassius Dio , however , the Guard prefect responsible for the mutiny against Nerva , Casperius Aelianus , was ' dismissed ' upon Trajan 's accession .
Spacey loosely based Lester 's early " [UNK] " deportment on Walter Matthau .
According to Cassius Dio , at this time , Seneca and [UNK] reduced their role in governing from careful management to mere moderation of Nero .
After clearing Austrian pickets from a bridge , the French attacked and captured a strategically located abbey at the top of the hill at bayonet point .
The Commission is currently responsible for the continued commemoration of 1 @.
Below this frequency , the image impedance is real ,
The influence of the Great Intelligence quickly wanes , and Simeon falls dead .
The Silurian Madame Vastra , her human wife Jenny Flint , and the Sontaran Strax ( all returning from " A Good Man Goes to War " ) describe a number of strange phenomena to a shadowed fourth detective .
He later announced a lawsuit against WWE for breach of contract .
@ 62 @-@ centimetre ( 3 in ) high @-@ angle guns had a maximum elevation of + 75 degrees , and had a rate of fire of 13 to 20 rounds per minute .
Wrestler of the Year ( 2002 , 2014 )
The lead single , " El Amor " , became a commercial success in several Latin American countries and was number one on the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs charts .
Former player Joel Cornette says " Everyone sees Brad as a level @-@ headed , calm and cool coach , but he ’ s about as competitive of a guy as I know .
This all turned out to be a swerve that came into focus on the August 7 , 2003 SmackDown !
Chinese sawmill owners at Sibu and Bintulu were instructed by the Japanese to produce timber for repairs at oil fields and ship building .
Hed pe played the " Local Heroes Tour " in the fall of 2012 and played with [UNK] in San [UNK] on Sunday October 7 , 2012 .
Col. Fitts represents Ball 's father , whose repressed homosexual desires led to his own unhappiness .
Dr. Simeon arrives with more snowmen and tells them he wants the governess ' ice body .
Reviewers praised most aspects of the production , with particular emphasis on Mendes , Spacey , and Ball ; criticism focused on the familiarity of the characters and setting .
In contrast to the Cross of Sacrifice , the design for the stone deliberately avoided " shapes associated with particular religions " .
Su Shi famously expressed this reasoning when he wrote that Du Fu was " preeminent ... because ... through all his vicissitudes , he never for the space of a meal forgot his sovereign " .
It weighs 19 @.
Sir James Remnant started the debate , followed by speeches by William Burdett @-@ Coutts in favour of the Commission 's principles and Robert Cecil speaking for those desiring repatriation and opposing uniformity of grave markers .
@ 5 knots ( 0 @.
However , as of 2015 , [UNK] no longer buys raw palm oil produced from cleared forests and peat swamps in Sarawak because of environmental concerns .
It was re @-@ released in 2012 as a three @-@ disc DVD and two @-@ disc Blu @-@ ray collector 's edition to tie in with Lesnar 's WWE return .
There is an equestrian statue in Gloucester , England , a town which was founded in his honour .
Stevens met his wife , Tracy ( née Wilhelmy ) , while attending DePauw University .
In the postseason , Stevens coached Butler to the first Final Four in school history .
[UNK] was considered one of the greatest Wolverine 's of the 1940s .
Unlike modern amphibians , many [UNK] are covered in small , closely packed scales .
Some of the projects include : the construction of a new flyover at [UNK] , the construction of the Metro Manila Skyway Stage 3 , the proposed LRT Line 2 ( west ) extension from Recto to Tondo or the Port Area , and the expansion of several national and local roads .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 2 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 2 ) was reworked from a monumental throne .
In southern China in Yangjiang , more than 30 @,@ 000 people evacuated ahead of the storm , and more than half of the trees in the city fell due to strong winds .
The work presents the view from Manhattan of the rest of the world showing Manhattan as the center of the world .
In the western desert communities such as Utopia , Kintore , Yuendumu , Balgo , and on the outstations , people were beginning to create art works expressly for exhibition and sale .
For the week it debuted atop both the Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums charts , Independiente also appeared as number 65 on the Billboard 200 .
Such speculation is not taken seriously by Mesoamerican scholars such as Richard Diehl and Ann [UNK] .
At daylight on the morning of 4 September only two officers and approximately half the men who had assembled on the hill , were alive .
The production of each colossal head must have been carefully planned , given the effort required to ensure the necessary resources were available ; it seems likely that only the more powerful Olmec rulers were able to mobilise such resources .
In October 97 these tensions came to a head when the Praetorian Guard , led by Casperius Aelianus , laid siege to the Imperial Palace and took Nerva hostage .
@ 65 metres ( 5 @.
Bintulu is also connected to Mukah and Samalaju Industrial Park .
The company suffered heavy casualties , including the company commander and Keiser 's aide who had accompanied the force .
Maslin felt that Mendes directed with " terrific visual flair " , saying his minimalist style balanced " the mordant and bright " and that he evoked the " delicate , eroticized power @-@ playing vignettes " of his theater work .
And that ’ s not what I was doing .
He played in 12 games and had ten receptions for 96 yards and one touchdown for the 1950 Lions .
The head had collapsed into a ravine under its own weight and was found face down on its left hand side .
The face is that of an ageing man with a creased forehead , low cheekbones and a prominent chin .
Mya is 10 minutes older than Luke .
Three of the squadron 's aircraft mined the entrance to Hong Kong harbour on 8 April and , on 26 May , four of its Catalinas mined [UNK] harbour in China , the furthest north that any Australian aircraft infiltrated during the war in the Pacific .
The Perth Heat ( 12 – 12 ) and Queensland Rams ( 3 – 21 ) both failed to qualify for the finals .
The Gore family was divided by the war : Gore 's father was a Loyalist who left Boston when the British Army evacuated the city in March 1776 .
According to Russell , " the view out front ceases to be the only one , and our person is suddenly adrift , fragmented , and subject to strange mutation . "
Stevens became the first coach to lead a Horizon League team to both an undefeated regular season and conference tournament since the league was formed in 1979 .
Two roads ran through the regimental sector from the Naktong River to Changnyong .
@ 15 billion .
UB @-@ 10 was eventually joined in the Flanders Flotilla by UB @-@ 2 , UB @-@ 4 , UB @-@ 5 , UB @-@ 6 , UB @-@ 12 , UB @-@ 13 , UB @-@ 16 , and UB @-@ 17 ; of these , only UB @-@ 2 made the journey to Flanders by sea rather than rail .
In Okinawa , Choi @-@ wan flooded a boat , forcing its occupants to be rescued by the Coast Guard .
Mexican Independence in 1821 necessitated direct rule from Spain .
Midway through Stevens ' first season , with the Bulldogs at 12 – 1 , The New York Times wrote " so far , Stevens has made the transition [ to head coach ] look easy . "
@ 79 and 185 strikeouts .
[UNK] had no option , for neither [UNK] 's nor [UNK] 's flanking columns were to be seen .
At 21 : 00 the first shells of what proved to be a two @-@ hour North Korean artillery and mortar preparation against the American river positions of 2nd Platoon .
There , 12 people died from the storm .
Since the 17th century the predominant tactic of naval warfare had been the line of battle , where a fleet formed a long line to give it the best fire from its broadside guns .
On 29 October 2009 , Amos signed for the Championship team Peterborough United on a month 's loan as cover for Peterborough 's suspended first @-@ choice goalkeeper Joe Lewis .
Sports compared Stevens to legendary coach John Wooden writing " Brad Stevens is winning at Butler the Wooden way – calm and composed on the sideline . "
Several islands sustained damage to farms , including the total loss of various fruit trees on Russell Island .
" Kiss You " was chosen as the second US single and third international from their second studio album , Take Me Home .
There he obtained that company 's reserve platoon and brought it back to F Company .
Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times said the actors coped " faultlessly " with what were difficult roles ; he called Spacey 's performance " the energy that drives the film " , saying the actor commanded audience involvement despite Lester not always being sympathetic . "
There , high waves flooded roads and homes , while high winds damaged crops .
[UNK] lived 37 of his years in Buffalo .
On the outbreak of World War I in 1914 , Fabian Ware , a director of the Rio Tinto Company , found that at 45 years old he was too old to join the British Army .
Though accounts vary , many ancient historians state Agrippina poisoned Claudius .
For the French , the survival of the Corps Mortier seemed nothing short of a miracle .
On the April 15 episode of Raw , Lesnar attacked [UNK] ( Heath Slater , Drew McIntyre , and [UNK] Mahal ) before Heyman challenged Triple H to face Lesnar in a steel cage match at Extreme Rules , which Triple H accepted the following week .
In 2006 a commissioned work by [UNK] was exhibited at Shalom College at the University of New South Wales as part of a charity fundraising exhibition .
He became the first Dodgers starter with back @-@ to @-@ back games of at least 13 strikeouts since Chan Ho Park in 2000 and the first Dodgers pitcher with back @-@ to @-@ back games of double @-@ digit strikeouts and no walks since [UNK] Vance in 1930 .
He hosted various television and radio sports shows and was eventually inducted into the Buffalo Broadcasters Hall of Fame .
When talking about the special edition , vocalist Taylor said , " we really wanted to do something which was really cool , " saying that this shows the band 's different musical elements and them in their live element , which he says " people really gravitate towards . "
Claudius allowed Agrippina to return from exile .
Stevens said .
To recover the aircraft the collapsible crane formerly on the stern was moved up to the port side of the flight deck .
The War Office then took the view that the tank was not acceptable as a light cruiser because the Nuffield A13 offered better speed and obstacle crossing performance .
The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was a finalist in the 1983 PEN / Faulkner Award for Fiction .
Overall damage in China was about ¥ 4 @.
On May 12 against the New York Mets , he struck out 13 while pitching a three @-@ hit complete game shutout .
However , three days later , he conceded all six goals in a 6 – 0 defeat at home to Southampton ; he allowed Adam [UNK] 's 20 @-@ yard shot underneath his body for the second goal , and he was rounded by Lee Barnard for the sixth .
With the help of Edward , Prince of Wales , Ware submitted a memorandum to the Imperial War Conference in 1917 suggesting that an imperial organisation be constituted .
33 on the Billboard 200 , while its title track peaked at No.
The War Office and the Army were concluding , at this point , that light tanks were a liability and too vulnerable for use in further combat , and the Tetrarch was considered to be obsolete .
The temple survived World War II , and was rebuilt after the discovery of oil and gas reserves offshore .
Although both [UNK] operated openly , neither was in control of Free Derry .
During this stretch , he allowed only two runs earned runs , lowering his ERA to 1 @.
There was an immediate public outcry following the publication of the reports , particularly with regards to the decision to not repatriate the bodies of the dead .
@ 75 in ( 146 mm ) of Krupp armor .
Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine would cooperate by using U @-@ boats to interfere with British naval movement and emplacing coastal batteries to further discourage the Royal Navy .
@ 4 million outside North America .
” Rowan Kaiser of The A.V.
Eventually , over 350 @,@ 000 new headstones were erected .
Mendes said , " I wanted that not just because it was funny [ ... ] but because I didn 't want it to seem rehearsed .
@ 7 in ) in Pingtung County , and winds peaked at 176 km / h ( 109 mph ) on Orchid Island before the anemometer was destroyed .
After the afternoon 's initial skirmishing with the French , Kutuzov held a council of war on the evening of 10 November at Melk , at the great abbey there .
Exceptions were made in two cases that allowed teams ' active rosters to expand to 21 players , both times for the same reason .
He also reduced the silver purity from 99 @.
It sold for A $ 22 @,@ 000 .
Also , the depiction of time within the poem is similar to the way time operates within The Family Reunion .
During the 1860s , the French navy had produced the Alma and La Galissonnière classes as small , long @-@ range ironclads as overseas cruisers and the British had responded with ships like HMS Swiftsure of 1870 .
Cast notes
She was badly damaged with some 200 @-@ odd crewmen killed and 600 wounded during the attack .
Originally , Osbert had supported Elias [UNK] , Murdac 's choice for abbot , but then changed his stance and helped with the deposition .
Lupit later began a prolonged movement to the northwest , during which it passed near several islands in Yap State .
Not knowing he was making the case for his own daughter , Ezra convinces Jack to seek out Mary and forget the Baby Vamp .
McCarthy conceded that the setting was familiar , but said it merely provided the film with a " starting point " from which to tell its " subtle and acutely judged tale " .
Both the Provisional and Official IRA stepped up attacks after Bloody Sunday , with the tacit support of the residents .
The track entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 17 on 11 January 2013 .
HMS Warrior carried a mixture of 110 @-@ pounder 7 inch ( 180 mm ) breech @-@ loading rifles and more traditional 68 @-@ pounder smoothbore guns .
This was Lesnar 's last match as a professional wrestler until 2012 , when he re @-@ signed with WWE .
The unostentatious Gerry and Republican partisans criticized Gore for his lavish lifestyle , including his palatial Waltham residence and pompous activities he organized as governor , and highlighted his Loyalist family connections while emphasizing Gerry 's unimpeachable patriotism .
He arrived in France in September 1914 and whilst there was struck by the lack of any official mechanism for documenting or marking the location of graves of those who had been killed and felt compelled to create an organisation within the Red Cross for this purpose .
These speakers are now recognised as part of the Melanau ethnic group , where their main language is Malay .
This framing device , described by Sylvester as a " space @-@ frame " , was to feature heavily throughout the artist 's career .
The new design was considered a success , and the Tank Board of the War Office ordered 1 @,@ 000 to be constructed in September .
Moffat compared the withdrawn Doctor seen at the onset of the episode to the first appearances of the First Doctor ( William Hartnell ) in 1963 and the Ninth Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) in 2005 .
Major Miljenko Filipović , likewise a former French Foreign Legion member , was assigned the battalions deputy commander .
During editing , Mendes made several changes that gave the film a less cynical tone than the script .
Veronica deduces that Jenny and her circle of friends are responsible for creating the fake student IDs , disseminating them , and implicating Weevil .
The boulders were brought from the Sierra de los [UNK] mountains of Veracruz .
A few commentators picked the Bulldogs as a possible " sleeper team " to make the Final Four .
With the increased number of civilian casualties compared with the World War I , Winston Churchill agreed to Ware 's proposal that the Commission also maintain a record of Commonwealth civilian war deaths .
@ 2 mph ) slower than their Bremen @-@ made counterparts .
In the finals , the home team and away team alternated during each of the series .
On 30 July 1969 the Derry Citizens Defence Association ( [UNK] ) was formed to try to preserve peace during the period of the parade , and to defend the [UNK] and [UNK] in the event of an attack .
Head VI was first exhibited in November 1949 at the Hanover Gallery in London , in a showing organised by one of the artist 's early champions , Erica [UNK] .
He is currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand .
Hunt told UFC to either pay him half of Lesnar 's purse or let him out of his contract .
However , this development alone was not enough to herald the end of the mast .
He then attended Bismarck State College , where he won the National Junior College Athletic Association ( NJCAA ) heavyweight wrestling championship in his sophomore year .
A second variant on the Tetrarch design was the Tetrarch Duplex Drive ( " Tetrarch DD " ) .
The last raids on Gibraltar were done during the 1943 Allied landing in Algeria , when those bombers hit successfully even the Oran port .
Kershaw started the 2010 season by posting a 3 @.
Its overall precision has not always been true , as refinements in the technique led to intensity changes between 1972 and 1977 of up to 20 miles per hour ( 32 km / h ) .
Simultaneously , the cyclone entered the area of responsibility of the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration , which named it Tropical Storm Weng .
@ 9 in ) armour .
He was forced to submit to their demands , agreeing to hand over those responsible for Domitian 's death and even giving a speech thanking the rebellious Praetorians .
Petoskey had excelled as a representative of Saginaw County in MHSAA competition .
UB @-@ 1 was launched on 22 January 1915 , just 75 working days later .
In 2007 , the single " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards .
How can they be so shameless ? "
Lesnar appears in the video games WWE SmackDown !
Lesnar underwent surgery on May 27 to help battle his problems with diverticulitis .
In 1909 , Hulme left the Poets ' Club and started meeting with Flint and other poets in a new group which Hulme referred to as the " Secession Club " ; they met at the Eiffel Tower restaurant in London 's Soho to discuss plans to reform contemporary poetry through free verse and the tanka and haiku and the removal of all unnecessary verbiage from poems .
Several were also used for propaganda purposes , appearing in photographs of Soviet troops who were fighting in the Caucasus region .
By the next day , the system weakened to tropical depression status , and dissipated shortly after moving ashore over Beihai , China .
The tropical storm moved rapidly west @-@ northwestward , steadily intensifying to a hurricane .
On the basis of these flower types , the genus has often been split into four genera — a more narrowly defined [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] and [UNK] .
In 1890 , the U.S. Navy tested steel armor hardened by the Harvey process and found it superior to compound armor .
The members considered renovating the existing building on the property , but felt a new building would better suit their requirements , and razed the church .
Agron had previously appeared in the episode “ President Evil ” .
Lesnar would defeat Big Show and entered the Royal Rumble as the # 29 entry , the second to last competitor to enter the match .
With the signing of Danish goalkeeper Anders [UNK] , Manchester United allowed Amos to join Oldham Athletic on loan for the remainder of the season on 7 January 2011 , although he would continue to train with Manchester United once a week .
After passing north of the Turks and Caicos islands , the hurricane struck Eleuthera and Harbour Island in the Bahamas on September 3 , the latter at 1100 UTC .
Parker was a business partner of Craigie 's , and Duer was an influential New York businessman and Treasury Department official whose lavish lifestyle impressed Gore .
Each stone is 3 @.
Its sides were broken away and it was dragged to another location before being abandoned .
The position was not to his taste : in one poem , he wrote :
All available men from Headquarters Company and special units were formed into squads and put into the fight at the most critical points .
Laurinaitis also announced that Lesnar would face Cena at Extreme Rules with the Extreme Rules stipulation later added to the match .
Saul Steinberg created 85 covers and 642 internal drawings and illustrations for The New Yorker , including its March 29 , 1976 cover , titled " View of the World from 9th Avenue " .
The French lost 1 @,@ 500 men killed and wounded .
Moving quickly to the west @-@ northwest , the storm passed north of the Lesser Antilles and Puerto Rico .
This branch campus currently has only one faculty , the Faculty of Agriculture and Food Sciences , consisting of five academic departments .
In the 20th century , he was the favourite poet of Kenneth Rexroth , who has described him as " the greatest non @-@ epic , non @-@ dramatic poet who has survived in any language " , and commented that , " he has made me a better man , as a moral agent and as a perceiving organism " .
Previously a widely played sport in the city , Manila is now the home of the only sizable baseball stadium in the country , at the Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium .
Fueled in large part by Gordon Hayward 's and [UNK] Mack 's roles in leading Team USA to the gold medal in the FIBA Under @-@ 19 World Championship during the off @-@ season , Butler began the season ranked 10th in the Coaches ' Poll and 11th in the AP Poll .
Responding to the report and rampant anti @-@ French fever in Vienna , Francis dismissed Charles from his post as generalissimo and appointed his [UNK] brother @-@ in @-@ law , Archduke Ferdinand , as commander .
Unusually , the storm hit Florida less than 24 hours before another major hurricane bearing 125 @-@ mile @-@ per @-@ hour ( 201 km / h ) winds struck South Texas ; never have two major cyclones hit the United States in such close succession .
Noting how some songs were " very atmospheric , " while others maintained " the hard rock and the heavy stuff . "
It stands 1 @.
Crime was dealt with by a volunteer force called the Free Derry Police , which was headed by Tony O 'Doherty , a Derry footballer and Northern Ireland International .
The vertebrae became weak , the limbs small , and the skull large and flat , with the eyes facing upwards .
Although throughout the 1860s and 1870s the Royal Navy was still in many respects superior to its potential rivals , by the early 1880s widespread concern about the threat from France and Germany culminated in the Naval Defence Act , which promulgated the idea of a ' two @-@ power standard ' , that Britain should possess as many ships as the next two navies combined .
According to ancient historians , Nero 's construction projects were overly extravagant and the large number of expenditures under Nero left Italy " thoroughly exhausted by contributions of money " with " the provinces ruined . "
The Tetrarchs remained in Britain , and would probably have been used as training vehicles before being retired from service , but on 22 June 1941 the German invasion of the USSR , Operation Barbarossa began , and the USSR became an ally of Britain .
The agency also briefly tracked a tropical depression off the coast of Vietnam on December 16 .
In November 2006 Jim Crone and Sergeant Major Pete Jackson , senior tunnel guide with the Royal Gibraltar Regiment , met possibly the only member of Operation Tracer still alive when they travelled to meet Dr. W. A. Bruce Cooper at his home in England .
Lesnar told the Associated Press , " We will get to the bottom of this . "
46 .
The depression moved through Kyushu and Honshu before dissipating on October 13 .
Just as Lester and Angela are about to have sex , she admits that she is a virgin , and Lester changes his mind .
In the Philippines , officials evacuated over 14 @,@ 000 people .
The original headstone dimensions were 76 centimetres ( 30 in ) tall , 38 cm ( 15 in ) wide , and 7 @.
Cowley emphasised the mystical nature of the poem and how its themes were closer to Buddhism than Anglicanism while mentioning his appreciation of many of the passages .
In 1931 – 33 the AA guns were replaced with eight 40 @-@ caliber 12 @.
He is also known for projecting a professional , " corporate " look from the sidelines .
She started playing for the Sydney University Flames in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2013 , made her debut with the national team at the Osaka Friendship Games in Osaka in February 2015 , winning bronze , and was part of the Under 25 team at the 2015 Women 's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing in July 2015 , winning silver .
In January 1944 , Edward Maufe was appointed Principal Architect for the UK .
She won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events .
After January 28 opening weekends in Australia , the United Kingdom , Spain and Norway , American Beauty had earned $ 7 million in 12 countries for a total of $ 12 @.
There are also buses that serve the town area .
He became just the sixth pitcher in history to finish in the top two in voting three seasons in a row .
The lips are thick and slightly parted .
San Francisco , California .
The screen could be collapsed by using a small explosive charge once the tank reached land .
Initially , both armies organised for defensive purposes only , although the [UNK] were planning towards an offensive campaign .
According to government sources , there are 229 Iban longhouses in the Bintulu District .
On mainland China , rainfall peaked at 101 mm ( 4 @.
@ 65 metres ( 5 @.
That day , the JMA estimated peak winds of 130 km / h ( 80 mph ) , and the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) on September 21 , after Choi @-@ wan developed a well @-@ defined eye .
During the feud with Goldberg , Lesnar was also at odds with Stone Cold Steve Austin , who was shown suggesting to Goldberg that he attack Lesnar at No Way Out .
The headdress is formed of 92 circular beads that completely cover the upper part of the head and descend across the sides and back .
Kershaw 's pitching style relies on deception .
To that end , he called for the Japanese Navy to maintain a fleet with at least 70 % as many capital ships as the US Navy .
His best [UNK] use the [UNK] required by the form to add expressive content rather than as mere technical restrictions .
It is located in Santa Cruz .
After its return to Mexico , it was placed in the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City .
Germanicus ' mother Antonia Minor , was a daughter of Octavia Minor and Mark Antony .
This is regarded as his most famous work .
The music video for the song , released in April 2012 , was filmed at Universal Studios in Los Angeles .
Despite a 34 % gain in weekly activity to their Vevo channel , with the clip 's success and preceding teaser videos earning 38 million views during the week , One Direction held at number two on the Billboard 's Social 50 chart A 15 % rise in Facebook reaction gave way to a 154 @,@ 000 increase in Facebook likes during the week .
Opposing them , the Austrian navy had seven ironclad frigates .
No threats came upon the embassy during the day , although truckloads of armed Somalis frequently drove by the embassy along [UNK] Road .
Again , the honour suggested Nerva had played a part in uncovering the conspiracy , perhaps in a fashion similar to what he did during the Pisonian conspiracy under Nero .
According to Patti [UNK] , colors are used symbolically throughout the film , none more so than red , which is an important thematic signature that drives the story and " [ defines ] Lester 's arc " .
However , [UNK] was criticized for its controls , being described by IGN as " float @-@ y " and making certain segments of the game unnecessarily difficult .
The stadium , which was previously unfit for international matches , had undergone a major renovation program prior to the match .
While in this position , Suetonius started writing biographies of the emperors , accentuating the anecdotal and sensational aspects .
He made his first appearance of the season on 26 October 2010 , starting in goal for United 's 3 – 2 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers in the fourth round of the League Cup .
This intensity was held for several hours until less conducive atmospheric conditions slightly weakened the system ; this was followed by Morakot making landfall on southern Taiwan on August 3 .
Tracking westward , intensification was slow and the system remained a tropical depression as it moved across the central Philippines on July 17 .
During his main @-@ event match against Reigns , Lesnar delivered multiple suplexes and was heard exclaiming , " Suplex City , bitch ! "
20 Squadron was reactivated on 1 April 2015 to support airfield operations at RAAF Base Woomera , South Australia .
Realizing he had been duped and that Gazan 's troops were tiring rapidly , Mortier sent orders to Dupont 's division to hurry forward .
The squadron originated as a maritime patrol unit during World War II .
The book generated considerable controversy because of its apparent " admiration for Hitler " .
The few Austrian corps not trapped at Ulm withdrew toward Vienna , with the French in close pursuit .
The next day , the JTWC issued its final advisory after the circulation became exposed from the convection .
On October 8 , 2005 , Lesnar won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship on his debut match in a three @-@ way match with Kazuyuki Fujita and Masahiro Chono at a New Japan Pro Wrestling ( NJPW ) show in the Tokyo Dome .
Dave Fortman was originally slated to produce the album , however , on January 22 , 2006 Stone Sour began working on the album with producer Nick Raskulinecz at Dave Grohl 's personal studio ( Studio 606 ) , in Los Angeles .
It is difficult to untangle how these artists influenced and informed each other .
They would later be used again during the Italian war in the Adriatic in 1859 .
Both these writers showed the influence of Du Fu in their own poetic work .
In another review in The New York Times John Leonard wrote that while the book has its strong points , " some wit , a catholic disdain , multiplicity of character and a South American swamp @-@ life that terrifies " , its weaknesses are that " the characters are really ideas , ... the symbols clash and there are too many echoes of better books by Kafka and Proust " .
Hall made sure to keep rain , or the suggestion of it , in every shot near the end of the film .
The congregation sold the old synagogue building on Portland Street to Security First ( Portland Street ) Child Development Center for $ 815 @,@ 000 in 2009 , carrying the Center 's financing .
138 on the Billboard 200 .
By the 1980s and ' 90s , such work was being exhibited internationally .
Many N @-@ [UNK] are used today , each with slightly different properties and reactivity .
The Dutch [UNK] ( Coastal ram ) Zr .
The storm destroyed the third floor of the building that housed a bowling alley and the Stuart News , a local newspaper .
The film ends with the marriage of Jack and Mary .
After initially losing to Fats and getting involved with unscrupulous manager Bert Gordon , Eddie returns to try again , but only after paying a terrible personal price .
Some four years later , the former French colony made its début at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
The evacuees were transported to Muscat , Oman , where they disembarked on 11 January .
Through this examination of Lester 's life , rebirth and death , American Beauty satirizes American middle class notions of meaning , beauty and satisfaction .
Diverse manufacturers within the city produce industrial @-@ related products such as chemicals , textiles , clothing , and electronic goods .
and Aldington .
On January 14 , surface observations indicated that the low @-@ pressure area had developed a closed , low @-@ level circulation center indicative of a tropical cyclone , satellite imagery remained inconclusive .
Age wasn 't a factor because I 'd seen his ability shine through during the course of the season , " Collier said .
The ghost , a combination of many literary figures , was originally addressed in the poem as " Ser [UNK] " before being revised as an ambiguous " you " . "
The replica was laid down in February 2005 and completed just two months later .
David Young describes this as " the most significant formative element in Du Fu 's artistic development " because it gave him a living example of the reclusive poet @-@ scholar life to which he was attracted after his failure in the civil service exam .
20 Squadron was formed at Port Moresby , New Guinea , on 1 August 1941 for a general reconnaissance role , under the command of Squadron Leader [UNK] Gibson .
Pliny the Elder
The voluntary evacuation later became a mandatory evacuation .
Lee Parsons contests John Graham 's identification of Monument 23 as a re @-@ carved colossal head ; he views the side ornaments , identified by Graham as ears , as rather the scrolled eyes of an open @-@ jawed monster gazing upwards .
A successor would have to be chosen from among the governors or generals in the Empire and it appears that , by 97 , Nerva was considering to adopt Marcus Cornelius [UNK] [UNK] Maternus , the powerful governor of Syria .
The NK 2nd Division made a new effort against the 23rd Infantry 's perimeter in the predawn hours of September 8 , in an attempt to break through eastward .
The CDO pattern intensities start at T2.5 , equivalent to minimal tropical storm intensity ( 40 miles per hour ( 64 km / h ) ) .
Outside Florida , the storm produced winds of 48 and 51 mph ( 78 and 81 km / h ) in Savannah , Georgia and Charleston , South Carolina , respectively .
Other sculptors , both in the inter @-@ war period and after the Second World War , included William Reid Dick , Ernest Gillick , Basil [UNK] , Alfred Turner , Laurence A. Turner , Walter Gilbert , Henry Poole , Vernon Hill , Robert Anning Bell , Ferdinand Victor [UNK] , Joseph Armitage , and Gilbert Bayes .
In early 1943 , the arrival of an experienced head of Abwehr operations in Spain improved the outreach of the operations .
These ships engaged the Chinese Beiyang fleet which was superior on paper at least at the Battle of the Yalu River .
As regarding rhythm : to compose in sequence of the musical phrase , not in sequence of the metronome .
Me ( Et ) C = O + NH3 + H2O2 → Me ( Et ) [UNK] + H2O
Most have broad , flat heads that are either blunt ( [UNK] ) or elongated ( [UNK] ) .
He was granted leave to visit his family in September , but he soon rejoined the court and on December 8 , 757 , he returned to Chang 'an with the emperor following its recapture by government forces .
The Royal Navy was the second to adopt ironclad warships , and it applied them worldwide in their whole range of roles .
In the 1960s , Bintulu was still a small fishing village , with a population of 5 @,@ 000 .
In imitation of the Greeks , Nero built a number of gymnasiums and theatres .
The police drew their batons and struck marchers , including Stormont MP Eddie McAteer and Westminster MP Gerry [UNK] .
He also knew that Gazan had crossed at Linz and was well ahead of any French reinforcements : Dupont had crossed at Passau and , by 10 November , stood at Marbach , 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) upstream , and [UNK] was another 7 kilometers ( 4 mi ) further behind him .
Galba began his short reign with the execution of many allies of Nero and possible future enemies .
His great @-@ grandfather was Consul in 36 BC ( in replacement , and abdicated ) , and Governor of Asia in the same year .
As he heals , Sarah cares for him and tells him she loves him , but he cannot say the words in return .
@ 5 hours .
The increasing size and weight of guns also meant a movement away from the ships mounting many guns broadside , in the manner of a ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line , towards a handful of guns in turrets for all @-@ round fire .
From Sardinia , Italian Piaggio [UNK] bombers attacked Gibraltar several times , mainly in 1942 .
An album featuring 19 tracks from Newman 's score was released on January 11 , 2000 , and won the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album .
@ hrvatski gardijski [UNK] ) .
They had three settings for range and speed : 15 @,@ 000 metres ( 16 @,@ 000 yd ) at 26 knots ( 48 km / h ; 30 mph ) , 10 @,@ 000 metres ( 11 @,@ 000 yd ) at 32 knots ( 59 km / h ; 37 mph ) , or 7 @,@ 000 metres ( 7 @,@ 700 yd ) at 37 knots ( 69 km / h ; 43 mph ) .
For him , the key aspect was that it appeared that the subject felt isolated , unobserved , and had abandoned the need to present an outward face .
[ ... ] If any one line is the heart and soul of this movie , that is the line . "
[UNK] inside .
@ 5 – 2 rounds per minute and could be loaded at any angle between -3 and + 20 degrees .
SM City San Lazaro is the second SM [UNK] in Manila .
Throughout the season , sea surface temperatures within the western equatorial Pacific were above normal , including those in the South China Sea .
The show was later rebroadcast on 5 November by Canal de las Estrellas .
All guns are powered by the explosive conversion of gunpowder into gas .
He was called up to the Under @-@ 21 squad in 2011 for their friendly match against Iceland , but he was an unused substitute .
The 1947 team referred to as " Michigan 's Mad Magicians " is considered to be the greatest University of Michigan football team of all time .
He is known for many executions , including that of his mother , and the probable murder by poison of his stepbrother Britannicus .
National Collegiate Athletic Association
Above these symbols is an angular U @-@ shaped decoration descending from the scalp .
After the war they were scrapped in 1946 – 47 .
He did not advance to later rounds .
The Olmec heartland lies on the Gulf Coast of Mexico within the states of Veracruz and Tabasco , an area measuring approximately 275 kilometres ( 171 mi ) east to west and extending about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) inland from the coast .
While Lupit was becoming extratropical , it became the first typhoon in December to threaten Japan in 13 years .
The cost to rebuild Rome was immense , requiring funds the state treasury did not have .
Codenamed " Felix " , the plan which was signed by Adolf Hitler himself was formulated at the highest level of command .
, [UNK] the hills with platoons and squads .
Dan Martin of The Guardian called it " actually the best Christmas Special since ' The Christmas Invasion ' " and the first to be " actually scary " , with " everything we like " about Doctor Who and Christmas .
Most European nations settled differences on land , and the Royal Navy struggled to maintain a deterrent parity with at least France , while providing suitable protection to Britain 's commerce and colonial outposts worldwide .
Ball was also keen ; having seen Cabaret , he was impressed with Mendes ' " keen visual sense " and thought he did not make obvious choices .
It was praised for showing a progression in the band 's song writing ability and musical style .
The next week on Raw , Paul Heyman made his return as Lesnar 's legal representative and claimed that Lesnar was quitting WWE .
Snap
From their headquarters in Gibraltar , General Eisenhower and Admiral Sir Andrew Browne Cunningham directed Operation Torch , the first major combined combat operation during World War II involving American and British forces .
55 – 135 ) was the slave to Nero 's scribe [UNK] .
The bones of some [UNK] like [UNK] show growth marks , possibly an indication that growth rate varied with the change in seasons .
Mary Poppins ( musical ) ( London stage )
Eddie dismisses Charlie as a scared old man and tells him to " go lie down and die " by himself .
@ 1 billion with an asset worth of ₱ 18 @.
Combining structural and horticultural elements was not unfamiliar to the Commission 's architects .
Sánchez Rubio designated Emilio Plazas [UNK] , also a member of Falange , as operations chief of the organisation .
In a retrospective review , [UNK] had high praise for the level design , graphics , and animations .
NY 31B began at an intersection with its parent route , NY 31 , in the Cayuga County village of Weedsport .
Much thought was also given to the type of men needed for such a strange and demanding task .
While at Harvard Gore participated in a speaking club , and formed significant lifelong friendships with Rufus King and John Trumbull .
Carolyn drives through the rain , rehearsing a confession to Lester .
Most Improved Wrestler ( 2002 , 2003 )
Donald has unlimited [UNK] which can only temporarily stun enemies ( though bosses can still be damaged with [UNK] ) , and can collect popcorn and gum along the way or get the latter from [UNK] [UNK] .
In 1788 he and Andrew Craigie , a Boston businessman who had retained Gore for legal services , entered into a secret agreement to purchase Continental securities with a face value of $ 100 @,@ 000 in a speculative bid that their value would rise .
The United Kingdom possessed the largest navy in the world for the whole of the ironclad period .
The role of the battery was to assist unarmored mortar and gunboats bombarding shore fortifications .
As of 1 December 2015
To the poorest , Nerva granted allotments of land worth up to 60 million sesterces .
Plans for the Allied counter offensive after the attack on Pearl Harbor were ongoing by mid @-@ 1942 .
One of the residential Winthrop House 's buildings is called Gore Hall in his honor .
Kershaw won the Warren Spahn Award for 2013 , the second time he had won the award , which honors the best left @-@ handed pitcher in the Major Leagues .
Other studies place modern amphibians as the descendants of [UNK] and place [UNK] in a more basal position within the stem of [UNK] .
The building used " energy efficient heating , ventilation and lighting " : specific design issues with the building 's energy efficiency included the fact that the largest room in the building , the sanctuary , was also the least @-@ used , and , in accord with Jewish tradition , had to face east ( towards Jerusalem ) .
This is very evident in the 1949 series , which began as a rather morbid study of a collapsed head , but evolved over the six surviving panels into a reworking of Velázquez masterpieces , and arrived at an image that was to preoccupy Bacon for the subsequent 20 years .
The invasion force assembled off the west coast of the northern tip of Madagascar on 4 May , near [UNK] and the bay of Diego Suarez .
Ironically , he was later involved in a conspiracy to overthrow Nero and was executed .
The Bintulu Port Authority was established in 1981 .
Carey L. Hastings as [UNK] 's housekeeper
Audiences polled by the market research firm CinemaScore gave American Beauty a " B + " grade on average .
A day later , at another small town , [UNK] south of the Danube [UNK] French 59th Regiment of the Line stormed a bridge over the Danube and , humiliatingly , chased two large Austrian columns toward Ulm .
In the attack against A Company , the North Koreans hit the 1st Platoon , which was near Agok , but they did not find the 2nd Platoon northward .
He described it as " very strong " and " a bit dark " .
Due to concerns over potential [UNK] it was instead installed outside the police station .
The typhoon also prompted warning products in Taiwan , making it the first April typhoon since 1978 to cause such a feat .
Of other historians , he said :
A number of tanks had their 2 pounder guns replaced with a 76 @.
His student [UNK] [UNK] composed many [UNK] which were clearly stated " influenced by Du Fu " in their prefaces .
Some modern historians theorize that Nero 's execution of Agrippina was prompted by her plotting to set [UNK] Plautus on the throne .
Lieber flies to San Cristóbal where he awaits the group 's return with their captive .
The incident led to a debate as to whether NFL owners should " bar their men from playing with the college all @-@ stars . "
For modern Western readers , " The less accurately we know the time , the place and the circumstances in the background , the more liable we are to imagine it incorrectly , and the result will be that we either misunderstand the poem or fail to understand it altogether " .
Investigators have proposed that large Cerro [UNK] basalt boulders found on the southeastern slopes of the mountains are the source of the stone for the monuments .
John of Salisbury , who was a secretary for Theobald , added information about Osbert in a letter to Alexander III on unrelated business .
I am about to scream madly in the office / Especially when they bring more papers to pile higher on my desk .
But the Air Force did deliver rocket and strafing strikes .
The events of August 1969 in Derry , and more particularly in Belfast where the IRA was unable to prevent loss of life or protect families burned out of their homes , brought to a head the divisions that had already appeared within the movement between the radicals and the traditionalists , and led to a split in December 1969 into the Official IRA and the Provisional IRA .
In April 2013 , the remains of four British soldiers discovered by a French farmer clearing land with metal detector in 2009 were re @-@ interred at [UNK] Cemetery near Arras , France .
The article concluded with the announcement that Lloyd F. Lonergan , the scenario writer of the company , had retired from the company .
All of the 17 confirmed colossal heads remain in Mexico .
[UNK] TAFB AND SAB [UNK] IN WITH A [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] OF T2.5 / 35 KT .
La Venta Monument 2 measures 1 @.
The remainder continued on to Derry where they were attacked once more on their way to Craigavon Bridge before they finally reached Guildhall Square , where they held a rally .
According to the Talmud , his father was a descendant of the Roman Emperor Nero who had converted to Judaism .
Manila has six legislative districts that serve as the constituencies for the election of the city 's representatives to the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines and of the regular members to the Sangguniang [UNK] ( SP ; City Council ) .
However , the San Lorenzo heads were buried by 900 BC , indicating that their period of manufacture and use was earlier still .
Satellite Images of Selected Tropical Storms and Associated T @-@ Number
At the 1962 BAFTA Awards , The Hustler tied with the Soviet film Ballad of a Soldier for Best Film from Any Source .
Alternatively , Kirby 's Block Ball received the lowest rating on Tim Rogers 's 2004 " [UNK] Scoring System for Portable Games " ( a metric by which he played a game while counting stops on the circular [UNK] train line until he lost interest ) with a score of " one " stop .
The grammar is a reworking of Donatus 's Ars Minor with the addition of information drawn from other grammarians .
That year , congregational membership reached almost 400 families , and the Talmud Torah and pre @-@ school had about 200 and 40 students respectively .
There are therefore two circuits that can be formed with two identical L @-@ shaped half @-@ sections .
and the second a daughter named Mya Lynn ( born April 10 , 2002 ) .
In July 1942 , Lieutenant General Dwight D. Eisenhower was appointed Allied Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of Operation Torch .
The Commission is currently responsible for the care of war dead at over 23 @,@ 000 separate burial sites and the maintenance of more than 200 memorials worldwide .
Disturbance has been implicated in the formation of vegetation dominated by large [UNK] species .
Turan agreed that Mendes ' choice of collaborators was " shrewd " , naming Hall and Newman in particular .
Series creator Rob Thomas included the scene in which Logan attacks Piz on his list of highlights from the third season .
The episode received mostly positive reviews .
The film presents Ricky as its " visionary , [ ... ] spiritual and mystical center " .
Eddie gets ahead $ 11 @,@ 000 and Charlie tries to convince him to quit , but Eddie insists the game will end only when Fats says it is over .
He is also the head of the executive department of the city .
<formula> .
Ceramic materials excavated with the head became mixed with ceramics associated with Head 5 , making ceramic dating of the monument difficult .
Kershaw had a 41 inning scoreless inning streak that ended in the top of the sixth inning on July 10 when , with two outs , Chase Headley homered to left field at Dodger Stadium .
The final scenes at the graveyard establish that Clara shares the same name as Oswin , leading the Doctor to surmise they are the same person .
[UNK] and A.
The Sixth Column did not take part in the fighting .
With warm waters and favorable upper @-@ level conditions , the depression quickly organized , first to Tropical Storm Imbudo on July 17 , and to typhoon status two days later , when PAGASA begin issuing advisories on Typhoon [UNK] .
They are hiding a third ID machine , and Veronica tells Weevil to go and find it .
Towards the end of the 19th century , the descriptions ' battleship ' and ' armored cruiser ' came to replace the term ' ironclad ' .
He knew several things .
Where possible , indigenous plants were utilised to enhance sentimental associations with the gardens of home .
The costume was designed by Howard Burden for this episode . "
He made his competitive first @-@ team debut on 23 September 2008 in a 3 – 1 win at home to Middlesbrough in the third round of the League Cup .
The opening included a dream in which Lester imagines himself flying above the town .
When selecting the equipment for the airborne forces , officials at the War Office concluded that gliders would be an integral component ; gliders would transport troops and heavy equipment , which , by 1941 , was to include artillery and some form of tank .
In 1785 he married Rebecca Amory Payne , daughter of a wealthy merchant , maritime insurer , and director of the Bank of Massachusetts .
Elections were held in May 1973 .
On Tuesday , 24 September , the Italian Stefani news agency reported : " As a reprisal for the bombardment of Dakar yesterday morning , one @-@ hundred @-@ and @-@ twenty French aircraft based in Morocco attacked Gibraltar . "
National Junior College Athletic Association
The South Ward comprised the [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] , Bishop Street and Foyle Road , and it was this area that would become Free Derry .
I say I can .
Meanwhile , during these actions in its rear , the 1st Battalion , 23rd Infantry , was cut off 3 miles ( 4 @.
The magazine found the parts where Kirby eats the unbreakable blocks to be innovative .
TIFF 's director , Piers Handling , said , " American Beauty was the buzz of the festival , the film most talked @-@ about . "
Nero 's consolidation of power also included a slow usurping of authority from the Senate .
Germanicus was also the adopted son of Tiberius .
About 2 @,@ 500 people evacuated by train from areas around Lake Okeechobee .
With a population of 114 @,@ 058 as of 2010 , Bintulu is the capital of the Bintulu District of the Bintulu Division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Of the seventeen boats in German service , two were sold to Austria @-@ Hungary , one was sold to Bulgaria , and nine were lost during the war .
Non @-@ religious holidays include the New Year 's Day , National Heroes ' Day , Bonifacio Day and Rizal Day .
After a contractual dispute with NJPW , he also wrestled as IWGP Heavyweight Champion in the Inoki Genome Federation ( IGF ) .
Should the list of names for a given year prove to be insufficient , names are taken from an auxiliary list , the first 10 of which are published each year before the season starts .
Furthermore , Austria ceded land to Napoleon 's German allies , and paid an indemnity of 40 million francs .
It was included in multiple top Game Boy game lists and was later emulated on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console .
UFC President Dana White said Lesnar had been ill for three weeks , claiming he had never been this sick in his life and that it would take him a while to recover ; his fight with Carwin was rescheduled for UFC 108 on January 2 , 2010 .
After the fight , Lesnar came into the ring and stated , " It was a good fight but he 's wearing a belt that 's a make @-@ believe belt .
The attacks were prompted by a newspaper article about several members of Eugene 's Jewish community , including a lesbian .
The location would promote self @-@ sustainability for lunar residents , as perpetual sunlight on the south pole would provide energy for solar panels .
This southern grouping was known as Task Force Bradley .
The U.S. Navy at the time the war broke out had no ironclads , its most powerful ships being six steam @-@ powered unarmoured frigates .
A short strap descends from the headband and hangs in front of the right ear .
Most of the ironclads of the 1870s and 1880s served into the 1900s ( decade ) .
Benjamin Paul " Ben " Amos ( born 10 April 1990 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bolton Wanderers .
The boats were to be about 28 metres ( 92 ft ) long and to displace about 125 tonnes ( 123 long tons ) with two bow torpedo tubes .
With about 800 homes destroyed , damage on Hainan amounted to $ 197 million ( 2003 USD ) .
It is a joint venture by five ASEAN countries : Malaysia ( 63 @.
Meanwhile , Carolyn is sitting in her car in the rain , taking a gun out of the glove box while a voice on the radio talks about not being a victim .
Accusations of treason being plotted against Nero and the Senate first appeared in 62 .
He moved on in the summer of 759 ; this has traditionally been ascribed to famine , but Hung believes that frustration is a more likely reason .
Manila sits astride the Pacific typhoon belt and is criss @-@ crossed by several fault lines .
He wins game after game , beating Fats so badly that Fats is forced to quit .
The 2010 tournament was considered preparation for the inaugural ABL season starting in 2010 – 11 .
Janet Maslin in The New York Times said Spacey was at his " wittiest and most agile " to date , and Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times singled Spacey out for successfully portraying a man who " does reckless and foolish things [ but who ] doesn 't deceive himself " .
There Hitler maintains that Israel owes its existence to the Holocaust and that he is the " benefactor of the Jews " .
The right hand [UNK] also appears incomplete ; the forward portion is marked with a sculpted line while the rear portion has been sculpted in relief , probably indicating that the right cheek and eye area were also unfinished .
The typhoon reached peak intensity on November 26 , with peak 10 – minute sustained winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) .
These are stylised and represented by one question mark shape contained within another .
They displaced 36 @,@ 500 long tons ( 37 @,@ 100 t ) at deep load , roughly 650 long tons ( 660 t ) more than the preceding class .
This prototype can be impedance scaled and frequency scaled to the desired values .
@ 0 - 216 @.
@ 9 % ) ; various Protestant churches ( 1 @.
He won the pitcher of the month award again in July , the third Dodger ( along with Don Sutton and Burt Hooton ) to win it two months in a row .
@ 4 tons .
However , the faults discovered with the Tetrarch cooling system precluded them from being integrated into units that were sent to the Middle East to participate in the North African Campaign .
the Chancery , Joint Administrative Office ( [UNK] ) building , Marine House , and the helicopter landing zone ( [UNK] )
There , the port sustained heavy damage , causing disruptions to exports in the months following the storm .
He watched the bag for 10 minutes , saying later that it provoked an " unexpected emotional response " .
Kinberg also signed the petition .
Residential properties has shown a 20 % price increase from 2011 to 2013 .
The sisters were not heavily engaged by the early airstrikes which are focusing on the group 's aircraft carriers .
You ’ ve got a lot of people always looking for the next step .
Walker said he did not think he could restore the 2nd Division lines without using them .
SM U @-@ 11 ( the former German UB @-@ 15 )
SM UB @-@ 14 ( as U @-@ 26 )
According to Tacitus , who was nine at the time of the fire , it spread quickly and burned for over five days .
Few surviving sources paint Nero in a favourable light .
The US airing was seen by 1 @.
The map leads to the location of the king 's most prized possession , hidden in a secret place shortly before his death .
[UNK] ) and two grandchildren , died in Cheektowaga , New York in December 1994 ; he was 68 years old .
The exhibition was a success , and marked his critical breakthrough .
This interpretation , however , is not universally agreed upon within the scientific community .
Martin McGuinness was the Derry representative in a party of senior [UNK] who travelled to London for talks with William Whitelaw , the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland .
The Lend @-@ Lease program , begun in March 1941 by the United States of America to supply defensive materials to Britain and China , was therefore extended to the USSR .
In London , home @-@ comers were making claims on the evacuees ’ wartime accommodation and 500 Gibraltarians were re @-@ evacuated to Scotland and 3 @,@ 000 to camps in Northern Ireland .
It appears to be an Olmec @-@ style colossal head re @-@ carved into a niche figure sculpture .
The following example is from discussion number 3 of Tropical Depression 24 ( eventually Hurricane Wilma ) of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season :
The Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) , the newly formed party of which John Hume and Ivan Cooper were leading members , withdrew from Stormont in protest , but among residents there was a perception that moderate policies had failed .
On the same day , the United Press Agency reported : " The French government has issued an official denial of reports , according to which French aircraft were said to have attacked Gibraltar .
[ Stalin ] had perfected genocide when I was still a nameless [UNK] in Munich . "
The [UNK] , while disapproving of riots , viewed them as the inevitable consequence of British occupation .
To lower the cost of food imports , merchant ships were declared tax @-@ exempt .
Kershaw was the Dodgers ' Opening Day starter for the second year in a row , where he pitched three innings of shutout ball against the San Diego Padres at Petco Park before being removed from the game due to flu @-@ like symptoms .
The apocryphal Ascension of Isaiah , a Christian writing from the 2nd century says , " the slayer of his mother , who himself ( even ) this king , will persecute the plant which the Twelve Apostles of the Beloved have planted .
The massive North Korean attack had made deep penetrations everywhere in the division sector except in the north in the zone of the 38th Infantry .
Of these , the [UNK] Communal Cemetery and Extension was agreed to be the most successful .
He decided that a team 's play will reflect the mood of its coach ; a calm coach means a team that will remain poised in difficult game situations , while a nervous coach means a team that plays on edge . "
Houses after the fire were spaced out , built in brick , and faced by porticos on wide roads .
The WWE issued this statement on their official website , WWE.com , following his departure :
On February 2 , 2008 , Lesnar made his debut with the promotion in an event titled UFC 81 : Breaking Point against former UFC Heavyweight Champion , Frank Mir .
2 ...
The secret to basketball – and life – is " just to do the job to the best of your ability and don 't worry about anything else , " Stevens says . "
The film focuses on Ezra Greer , a successful middle @-@ aged man who searches for his college age daughter , Mary .
@ 8 metres ( 701 ft ) , their beam to 31 @.
Kershaw was selected to appear in the 2012 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , the second straight year he made the team .
After the armistice of Cassibile ( 8 September ) , the German @-@ allied Italian Social Republic launched at least two raids on Gibraltar : one on the night of 4 – 5 June 1944 with ten [UNK] aircraft and another on 6 June with nine aircraft .
She thought about it for two hours before telling him to go for it . "
Realizing this would separate him from the forward division , Dupont hustled his troops toward the sound of battle and deployed them to take the Russians in the flank .
Mosconi 's hands also appear in many of the closeup shots .
As of February 18 , the most successful territories were the United Kingdom ( $ 15 @.
On September 16 , the JMA classified it as a tropical depression , and the JTWC initiated advisories the next day .
Carolyn is similarly driven by conventional views of happiness ; from her belief in " house beautiful " domestic bliss to her car and gardening outfit , Carolyn 's domain is a " fetching American millennial vision of Pleasantville , or Eden " .
It is one of the oldest cities in the country and was the seat of power for most of the colonial rules of the Philippines .
Corps Mortier , as it was known , crossed the Danube at Linz and Passau in early November 1805 and marched east , on the north bank of the Danube .
@ 1 % and India 1 @.
This period of inactivity ended with the formation of Typhoon Kujira in mid @-@ April ; Kujira was one of the longest lived Pacific storms on record and was the first typhoon with 1 @-@ minute sustained winds of at least 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) in April since Typhoon Isa in 1997 .
Stevens joined the Butler basketball program as a volunteer prior to the 2000 – 01 season after quitting his job at Eli Lilly and Company .
Fort Pierce estimated peak winds of 80 to 90 mph ( 129 to 145 km / h ) , and pressures dipped to 29 @.
Most aquatic [UNK] have flattened heads .
It was announced in March 2006 that Stone Sour 's second album , which was tentatively titled " Come What May , " would be released on July 18 , 2006 .
Family [UNK]
Gibbon considered Nerva the first of the Five Good Emperors , five successive rulers under whom the Roman Empire " was governed by absolute power , under the guidance of wisdom and virtue " from 96 until 180 .
First Column , commanded by General of Brigade Prince Pyotr Ivanovich Bagration , included three battalions of infantry , three grenadier battalions , and three Jäger battalions , ten squadrons of Hussars .
Another block type turns the remaining blocks into a bonus round that rewards the player for clearing the screen in the least amount of time .
The Tetrarch was originally designed as the latest in the line of light tanks built by the company for the British Army .
The Council is the oldest state legislative assembly in Malaysia .
@ 3 million .
As the North Korean attack developed during the night , 1st Battalion succeeded in withdrawing a large part of its force , less C Company , just north of Lake U @-@ p 'o and the hills there covering the northern road into Changnyong , 3 miles ( 4 @.
The cameraman was Jacques [UNK] .
Intensification continued and late on April 15 , Kujira reached its peak intensity with winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 930 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.
and Aldington that they were [UNK] and even appended the signature H.D.
Maximilian , Count of Merveldt , led his column back through the mountains into Austria , fighting rear guard actions against pursuing French forces at the [UNK] ( Steyr ) and [UNK] .
Fossils show , as the animals grew , the scales on the undersides of their bodies developed into large , wide ventral plates .
Due to land interaction the storm temporarily weakened and decoupled before reforming in the Philippine Sea .
While en route for Kure , the division was unsuccessfully attacked by another submarine .
The lyrical content regards the protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other , and incorporates euphemisms for sexual intercourse in the lines " If you don ’ t wanna take it slow / And you just wanna take me home / Baby say yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . "
By stopping at this point , Rosenfeld felt that Steiner " succumb [ s ] , rhetorically , to the seductive eloquence of negation " , which undermines his own " high standards of moral intelligence " .
These events led Claudius , Caligula 's uncle , to become emperor .
Strong winds snapped many light poles in the city , and trees and shrubs were broken or uprooted .
The Butler players had a meeting with athletic director Barry Collier , urging him to promote from within .
This was the standard Japanese light AA gun during World War II , but it suffered from severe design shortcomings that rendered it a largely ineffective weapon .
The adoption of iron armor meant that the traditional naval armament of dozens of light cannon became useless , since their shot would bounce off an armored hull .
Kershaw donated $ 100 for every strikeout in the 2012 season to Kershaw 's Challenge , calling that season 's incarnation of the project " Strike Out To Serve . "
Donald thinks this is his path to riches .
The 40 @-@ metre @-@ long ( 131 ft 3 in ) hangar was 20 metres ( 65 ft 7 in ) wide forward and 11 metres ( 36 ft 1 in ) at the rear .
In a checkout line , Veronica and Mac ( Tina Majorino ) discuss her relationship with Piz and what her FBI internship will mean for them .
SM UB @-@ 15 ( became the Austro @-@ Hungarian U @-@ 11 , June 1915 )
The division 's [UNK] Naval Air Group was formed that same day and conducted its first catapult launches in late June .
The living Darwin 's Frog is also a mouth [UNK] and would be the closest modern analogue to [UNK] if it cared for its young in this way .
On May 19 , the JTWC upgraded the system to Tropical Storm 03W , and on the same day , PAGASA classified it as Tropical Depression [UNK] .
It also and helped develop and train the Croatian Defence Council ( Hrvatsko vijeće obrane – HVO ) , setting up a training camp in Tomislavgrad .
Only those civilians with essential jobs were allowed to stay but it gave the entire community a sense of being ' British ' by sharing in the war effort .
Continuing southward , NY 93 runs across open , rolling terrain , meeting CR 259 ( Tonawanda Creek Road ) on its way to the hamlet of Swifts Mills .
That day , it quickly intensified due to favorable conditions , developing a well @-@ defined eye and reaching peak maximum sustained winds of 195 km / h ( 120 mph ) .
It is not clear why [UNK] did not finish higher .
Through his friendship with Laurence Binyon , Pound had already developed an interest in Japanese art by examining [UNK] @-@ e prints at the British Museum , and he quickly became absorbed in the study of related Japanese verse forms .
However , Coleman withdrew from the fight due to an injury and was replaced by Heath Herring .
The Americans finally spotted the Japanese carriers at 16 : 40 , some 200 miles ( 320 km ) east of Cape Engaño , the northeastern tip of Luzon .
turned to writing long poems , but retained much of the hard edge to their language as an Imagist legacy .
The more practical threat to wooden ships was from conventional cannon firing red @-@ hot shot , which could lodge in the hull of a wooden ship and cause a fire or ammunition explosion .
After the Battle of Manila ( 1898 ) , Spain ceded the surrendered city of Manila to the United States .
Intramuros is the historic center of Manila .
However , upon moving through the Bashi Channel , conditions began to deteriorate due to increased wind shear , weakening the system and resulting in its downgrade to tropical depression status by the JMA at 1200 UTC on June 3 .
A trial was finally held in 1156 and Osbert 's accuser did not produce any witnesses , but Osbert was unable to prove his innocence , prompting the transfer of the case to a papal court .
In 1983 the production moved to the United States where it played at the Hartford Stage Company in Hartford , Connecticut , directed by Mark Lamos and starring John Cullum as Hitler .
IGN wrote that the game was primarily remembered as " an Arkanoid or Breakout clone skinned with the Kirby franchise " .
Brooding on what I have lived through , if even I know such suffering , the common man must surely be rattled by the winds .
Amos made his first start of the 2011 – 12 season in a third round League Cup tie at Elland Road against Leeds United .
This also reduced the draught to 9 @.
During summer vacations , Stevens spent time teaching at Butler basketball camps .
Qualifying by right was posting a high result in their own heat , and qualifying by result was posting a high result in overall standings .
At 1200 UTC on July 20 , the JMA estimated peak 10 minute sustained winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) , and the same time , the JTWC estimated 1 minute sustained winds of 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) , making it a super typhoon .
Lesnar would then face Randy Couture for the UFC Heavyweight Championship at UFC 91 on November 15 .
@ 0 km ) west of the town .
Colossal Head 1 is 2 @.
No.
Detailed mapping of the polar regions and [UNK] of the Moon did not occur until the advent of orbiting spacecraft .
The process of shipping the submarines by rail involved breaking the submarines down into what was essentially a knock down kit .
Nonetheless , these lost primary sources were the basis of surviving secondary and tertiary histories on Nero written by the next generations of historians .
Lowell persuaded D. H. Lawrence to contribute poems to the 1915 and 1916 volumes , making him the only writer to publish as both a Georgian poet and an Imagist .
When he debuted , Kershaw was the youngest player in MLB , a title he held for one full year .
The next morning , under heavy fog , the group made its way by compass toward Yongsan .
Monument 3 was located a few metres to the east of Monument 2 , but was moved to the Parque @-@ Museo La Venta in Villahermosa .
He used Super 35 partly because its larger scope allowed him to capture elements such as the corners of the petal @-@ filled pool in its overhead shot , creating a frame around Angela within .
He was previously the head coach at Butler University in Indianapolis .
The majority of these ceramic remains have been dated to between 800 and 400 BC ; some pieces have been dated to the Villa Alta phase ( Late Classic period , 800 – 1000 AD ) .
Three additional columns , commanded by Dmitry [UNK] ( [UNK] ) , Maj. Gen. [UNK] and Schmitt , would outflank the French from the west and the north .
While approaching northern Luzon on October 29 , [UNK] quickly intensified as the initial eye feature organized into a well @-@ defined eye .
He was known for his anti @-@ crime crusades .
Key
First , he knew the positions of the French from prisoners his Cossacks had captured .
Its proximity to the equator means that the temperature range is very small , rarely going below 20 ° C ( 68 ° F ) or above 38 ° C ( 100 ° F ) .
He served until his death in 1976 .
This included typhoons Krovanh and Dujuan , which also struck southeastern China .
Gleason and Scott were both nominated for Best Actor in a Supporting Role ; Scott refused the nomination .
On September 4 , Haynes changed the boundary between the 38th and 23rd Infantry Regiments , giving the northern part of the 23rd 's sector to the 38th Infantry , thus releasing 1st Battalion for movement southward to help the 2nd Battalion defend the southern approach to Changnyong .
The snowman starts speaking to the boy , repeating his assertions that the other children are silly .
For their season , the Bulldogs were ranked 8th in the final pre @-@ NCAA tournament Coaches ' Poll and 11th in the corresponding AP Poll .
During World War II , Rajah Charles Vyner Brooke ordered the construction of airstrips in Kuching , Oya , Mukah , Bintulu , and Miri .
[UNK] were all very similar , and thought it likely that they all represented the same species .
Lesnar received an invitation to play as a representative for the Vikings in NFL Europa but declined due to his desire to stay in the United States with his family .
After the death of Britannicus , Agrippina was accused of slandering Octavia and Nero ordered her out of the imperial residence .
Those who noted the tiny number of ships that had actually been sunk by ramming struggled to be heard .
It operates 59 health centers and six city @-@ run hospitals , which are free of charge .
Warrior highlighted the challenges of picking the right armament ; the breech @-@ loaders she carried , designed by Sir William Armstrong , were intended to be the next generation of heavy armament for the Royal Navy , but were shortly withdrawn from service .
Complications with the only in @-@ flight refueling on the return nearly prevented refueling , which would have forced the helicopters to divert to the Somali desert and await a rescue .
Leopold Fitzinger named the animal [UNK] in 1837 .
With " innumerable voices intruding on the original author 's , " Booth says , those who interpret American Beauty " have forgotten to probe for the elusive center " .
British ships did not participate in any major wars in the ironclad period .
Although most of the facial detail is lost , the [UNK] of the bridge of the nose is still evident , a feature that is common to the frowning expressions of the other Olmec colossal heads .
[UNK] , such as Mastodonsaurus , [UNK] , and [UNK] , had lost their [UNK] , and the [UNK] made up the entire body of the vertebrae .
Petals on a wet , black bough .
He was also the first pitcher in history to give up at least seven runs in back @-@ to @-@ back postseason starts ( his previous one was Game 6 of the 2013 National League Championship Series ) .
The architecture of Intramuros reflects the Spanish colonial style and the American neoclassical architectural style , since the Philippines was a colony of Spain and the United States before it is granted its independence in 1946 .
Manila is the most densely populated city in the world with 43 @,@ 079 inhabitants per km2 .
The two helicopters returned to Guam with the first 61 evacuees .
The sequence ends with the sudden reintroduction of " On Broadway " and teleological time .
Further searching led them to break through a wall into chambers which had never been used and had remained sealed for over 50 years .
High winds knocked down trees across Luzon , and left about 80 % of Cagayan province without power , as well as some areas without internet or cellphone service .
Towards the end of 2013 , DJ Product mysteriously left the band with no explanation and no comment from the other members .
5 .
He had at least one attested sister , named [UNK] , who married Lucius Salvius [UNK] Otho , the brother of the future Emperor Otho .
After several years as a television screenwriter , Ball revived the idea in 1997 when attempting to break into the film industry .
The group was also accurate in their forecasts for the entirety of the Northwest Pacific , though their specialized forecasts for the South China Sea were substantially off .
On January 23 , 2015 , Ellen gave birth to the couple 's first child , daughter Cali Ann .
[UNK] slam
Sports Illustrated
@ 7 cm AA guns were added , one on each side of the forward superstructure , in the early 1930s .
The 42 men of the 2nd Platoon , B Company , 23rd Infantry held outpost positions on seven hills covering a 2 @,@ 600 yards ( 2 @,@ 400 m ) front along the east bank of the Naktong north of Pugong @-@ ni .
He said the juxtaposition produced a starker contrast , giving each trait more impact than if they appeared alone .
However , intensification leveled off as Linfa executed a small clockwise loop before a subsequent landfall on Luzon on May 27 .
Geology of the coastal area was formed during the Pleistocene period ; silt , clay , and gravel can be found here .
The 3rd Division was not involved in the fighting .
Small numbers of German Jews began settling in Eugene in the late 19th century , but most moved on .
The most substantial surviving account of the reign of Nerva was written by the 3rd @-@ century historian Cassius Dio .
Prior to the release of the second single from the album , " Through Glass " , radio stations throughout the US showed high support for the song .
Jaeger named Mastodonsaurus from a single tooth , and considered it a reptile .
" If I have chose between my two sports for Rio , " she said , " I will go with basketball . "
It was also staged in Hartford , Connecticut in the United States in 1983 and starred John Cullum as Hitler .
Roman and Greek sources nowhere report Nero 's alleged trip to Jerusalem or his alleged conversion to Judaism .
Several colossal heads have been loaned to temporary exhibitions abroad ; San Lorenzo Colossal Head 6 was loaned to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 1970 .
Another of the squadron 's Catalinas went down on the night of 27 / 28 January 1945 , possibly in a cyclone over the Timor Sea , during the campaign to mine Surabaya .
During the regular season , games were played on a Friday night and a doubleheader on Saturday ; in each doubleheader one of the two games was shortened to seven innings .
If originally a colossal head then it would be the only known example from outside the Olmec heartland .
He had success in 1944 with Three Studies for Figures at the Base of a Crucifixion and to a lesser extent with Painting ( 1946 ) , both of which were highly regarded but viewed as sensationalist .
In 2015 , she was reclassified a 2 @.
While offshore the Philippines , Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that caused flooding and left thousands homeless .
Subsequently , the storm weakened and moved into the Taiwan Strait before making its final landfall near Quanzhou , China the next day .
They were modernized in 1934 – 37 with improvements to their armour and machinery and a rebuilt superstructure in the pagoda mast style .
This ratio , Satō theorized , would enable the Imperial Japanese Navy to defeat the US Navy in one major battle in Japanese waters in any eventual conflict .
After persuading some to recognize him , he was captured and executed .
With starters Matt Howard and Ronald Nored on the bench in foul trouble , Stevens was forced to call on backup center Avery Jukes who came up big for Butler .
Due to local conditions it was sometimes necessary for the Commission to deviate from its standard design .
Prior to the 2011 season , Kershaw visited Zambia with his wife as part of a Christian mission organized by Dallas @-@ based Arise Africa .
Near the end of the month two reconnaissance patrols from the 9th Infantry had crossed to the west side of the Naktong and observed North Korean tank and troop activity 2 miles ( 3 @.
Reaction to The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was mixed .
His observations of the village were recorded as follows :
A recent edition of his works is [UNK] Opera omnia , published in 1968 with some translations into English and German from the original Latin .
In 422 , Augustine of Hippo wrote about 2 Thessalonians 2 : 1 – 11 , where he believed Paul mentioned the coming of the Antichrist .
Their crew consisted of 1 @,@ 360 officers and enlisted men .
He was praetor @-@ elect in the year 65 and , like his ancestors , moved in imperial circles as a skilled diplomat and strategist .
It is a key step in both the Holton Taxol total synthesis and the Wender Taxol total synthesis .
11 Squadron .
The names Imbudo and Maemi were retired by the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee .
[UNK] and Dransfield accepted both Glassman 's four species and A.
The first full @-@ scale centre @-@ battery ship was HMS Bellerophon of 1865 ; the French laid down centre @-@ battery ironclads in 1865 which were not completed until 1870 .
When Bacon undertook the series late in 1948 he was something of a two @-@ hit wonder .
The new RUC Chief Constable , Arthur Young , an Englishman , was announced , and travelled to Belfast with Callaghan .
A similar two dimensional construct is found in Henry Moore 's works , notably his " [UNK] for King and Queen " , constructed three years after Bacon 's Head .
Fellow Guatemalan singer @-@ songwriter Gaby Moreno appeared in several performances , joining Arjona for " Fuiste Tú " .
@ 6 billion years and it has been in the proximity of the south lunar pole for at least the last two billion years .
Lucius Domitius [UNK] , Nero , was born on 15 December 37 in [UNK] ( modern Anzio and Nettuno ) , near Rome .
[UNK] , a close relative of [UNK] , also has a [UNK] skeleton that muscles may have attached to .
The South Mole and a large ship in the harbour were heavily damaged .
Final consolidated figures ( not including BBC iPlayer viewers ) showed that the episode was watched by 9 @.
The Dvorak technique ( developed between 1969 and 1984 by Vernon Dvorak ) is a widely used system to estimate tropical cyclone intensity ( which includes tropical depression , tropical storm , and hurricane / typhoon / intense tropical cyclone intensities ) based solely on visible and infrared satellite images .
@ 0 ft ) deep ; it weighs 8 tons .
The limitations of the monitor type effectively prevented the USA from projecting power overseas , and until the 1890s the USA would have come off badly in a conflict with even Spain or the Latin American powers .
Ricky : " Beauty . "
SM UB @-@ 8 ( became the Bulgarian Podvodnik No.
He collects the ice fragments from the governess and places them in a souvenir London Underground biscuit tin .
37 of [UNK] [UNK] that [UNK] [ Du Fu ] was the very best poet in history and praised [UNK] [UNK] 's commentary for its simplicity and readability , while he criticized old commentaries during the Yuan Dynasty were too unfathomable .
In the United States it reached number one on the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart ( Arjona 's fourth number one on that chart , following " Desnuda " , " Cuando " and " El Problema " ) and number one on the Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart .
Coastal service and riverine vessels , including ' floating batteries ' and ' [UNK]
The squadron undertook its first sortie of the Pacific War on 8 December ; a Catalina located three Japanese luggers in the vicinity of Thursday Island , Queensland .
1 ^ Lesnar 's IWGP Heavyweight Championship reign at IGF is considered a continuation of his reign from NJPW .
The " k " in " constant k " is the value given by ,
Time in the studio began with a week of pre @-@ production , during which guitarist Josh Rand says producer Raskulinecz " pushed [ the band ] to the brink and back " to help fine @-@ tune the songs they had previously written .
After high school , he attended DePauw University , where he played basketball and earned a degree in economics .
Nored hit both foul shots , giving Butler a 52 – 49 lead .
Marchers trying to escape met another party of police and " these police also used their batons indiscriminately . "
With these final scenes , Mendes intended to show Lester at the conclusion of a " mythical quest " .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 10 ( also known as San Lorenzo Monument 89 ) has been moved to the Museo [UNK] de San Lorenzo [UNK] near [UNK] .
The vineyards and the villages of [UNK] and [UNK] were destroyed , as was most of Dürenstein and Stein .
In the words of Martin [UNK] of [UNK] " this particular tactic ... provided the excuse needed to ban the march . "
At 14 : 00 a tank @-@ infantry patrol was sent down the road , but it reported that an estimated North Korean battalion held the mountain pass just eastward of the battalion 's defense perimeter .
[UNK] .
Tracy graduated from Rocky River High School in 1995 , and from DePauw in 1999 .
Savan Kotecha — writing , background vocals
At first , Nero only performed for a private audience .
One day , Mary seeks an announcement of Jack 's engagement to a cabaret girl known as " The Baby Vamp " .
The headdress possesses a plain band that is tied at the back of the head .
From here , the route crosses over CSX Transportation 's Lockport Subdivision rail line at the hamlet of Lockport Junction before intersecting with NY 31 ( Saunders Settlement Road ) and NY 270 ( Campbell Boulevard ) just south of the community .
It received overwhelming praise , chiefly for Spacey , Mendes and Ball .
During the Japanese occupation , sawmills at Bintulu produced a total of 4 @,@ 000 tons of sawn timber .
In a 2006 interview , fellow actor Ben Whishaw identified Boulter as one of his favorite co @-@ stars : " I loved working with a guy called Robert Boulter , who was in the triple bill of Burn , [UNK] and Citizenship at the National .
[UNK] of the Year ( 2009 )
The scutes may have provided stability for the spine , as they would have limited flexibility and may have been connected by strong ligaments .
The two routes continue to the western edge of the city of Lockport , where they intersect with Upper Mountain Road and the Lockport Bypass .
The two children Clara is governess to , Digby and Francesca , were played by real @-@ life brother and sister Joseph and Ellie Darcey @-@ Alden .
As of late in the 2015 season , he is believed to be experimenting with the use of a cutter .
Eddie moves into a rooming house and starts hustling for small stakes .
We are extremely excited to reach this long @-@ term agreement to have Brad continue to lead our program , " Collier remarked .
The break resulted in severe local damage , flooding portions of Sulphur Springs .
Three years later , she served as the flagship for the Emperor of the puppet state of Manchukuo , Henry Pu @-@ yi , during his state visit to Japan in June 1940 .
They then joined Korn for their 2006 edition of Family Values Tour across the US , which featured 33 dates across 3 months .
In May 1951 , he announced he was retiring from professional football to become sports director at a radio station in Buffalo .
The fourth single from the album , " Made of Scars " , featured a music video which was recorded live on April 7 , 2007 and was posted online on June 5 , 2007 .
NY 425 went west from this junction while NY 93 headed eastward , following NY 3 along Lower Mountain , Gothic Hill , Upper Mountain , and Saunders Settlement roads to the city of Lockport .
The volunteers in the K @-@ 7 building would be needed as look @-@ outs for the embassy compound 's main gate .
She also paints women ’ s ceremonies ( Awelye ) and dreamings , and these are created using rows of coloured dots and include representations of women 's ceremonial iconography .
On 27 June , each squadron contributed an aircraft to a four @-@ hour raid over Lae and Salamaua during which , as well as bombs , the RAAF crews dropped beer bottles to disrupt the enemy soldiers ' sleep — the sound they made falling through the air was , according to the official history , " something between a shrill whistle and a scream " .
The cyclone emerged into the South China Sea weakened but quickly re @-@ intensified while continuing to the west @-@ northwest .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) monitored three additional cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity that were not monitored by the JMA .
[UNK] messages to his friends ' palace chambers for them to come , he received no answers .
The commentary established Du Fu 's fame as the highest of all poets ; for instance , Hayashi [UNK] , a notable Confucian scholar , commented in Vol .
An image based on a triptych by [UNK] , Bush Berries , appears on the cover of a book on the visual perception of motion , Motion Vision .
Operation USA has been named one of America 's Best 100 Charities by Worth Magazine and , in October 2008 , was named the top @-@ rated " exclusively privately funded charity in the U.S. " by Charity Navigator .
All of the heads are realistic , [UNK] and frank descriptions of the men .
On release , the four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly applauded Kirby 's Block Ball for modifying the Breakout formula to create a new and enjoyable game .
The second typhoon , Lupit , devastated portions of Yap State , resulting in approximately $ 1 @.
The agency recommended boats to return to port .
The winner of that series then faced the first @-@ place team for a best @-@ of @-@ three series .
He went 62 ⁄ 3 innings , striking out 4 , walking 1 , and ended up getting a no @-@ decision ( the Dodgers went on to win the game in the 9th inning ) .
Eliot had visited the site in May 1936 .
Austrian Infantry Brigade , Major General Johann Nepomuk von Nostitz @-@ [UNK] , four battalions of Border Infantry , including the highly decorated 9th Regiment [UNK] .
In Taiwan , rainfall reached 554 mm ( 21 @.
Stevens kept the team focused with a " next man up " attitude and the game was tied at 28 at halftime .
Amos ' team 's goalkeeper was injured during the game , and as the tallest on the team , Amos was put in goal ; however , he had also been the team 's regular penalty taker all season , so when they were awarded a penalty , he went all the way up the pitch to take the kick .
In an effort to bolster its defence , Croatia doubled the size of its police force to about 20 @,@ 000 .
Lesnar also made a disparaging comment about the pay @-@ per @-@ view 's primary sponsor Bud Light , claiming they " won 't pay me nothin ' " and promoted Coors Light instead .
On October 5 , the JMA monitored a tropical depression southeast of Taiwan that later passed near the island , producing heavy rainfall that peaked at 153 mm ( 6 @.
Another group of [UNK] , the [UNK] , had wide heads with external gills , and adapted to life at the bottom of lakes and rivers .
On March 20 , 1994 , Chris Lord , an individual associated with the [UNK] and American Front , fired ten rounds with an assault rifle into the temple , damaging the interior .
In 1982 , Operation California sent " the first private airlift from the U.S. to Poland " , delivering 200 @,@ 000 [UNK] of medical supplies and medicine ; that year Operation California also airlifted medical supplies to Lebanon .
@ 87 million viewers in the UK , becoming the fourth most @-@ watched programme of Christmas Day . "
It also seemed that he had moved above last season 's second choice Tomasz [UNK] in the pecking order , but was now third choice behind Anders [UNK] and David de Gea .
<formula> .
The most effective part of the force was the 3 @,@ 000 @-@ strong special police that were deployed in 12 battalions , adopting military organisation .
In college , he led the Big Ten Conference in single season receptions during his senior year and set Michigan Wolverines receptions records for both career touchdown and single @-@ season touchdowns .
@ 5 mm ( 15 @.
Locusta then devised a new concoction that she promised would " kill swifter than a viper . "
He figures that Eddie will need at least $ 3 @,@ 000 to challenge Fats again .
On March 26 , 2011 , the Bulldogs beat Florida 74 – 71 in overtime to earn back @-@ to @-@ back trips to the Final Four .
Fed by intelligence from the Soviet Union the North Koreans were aware the UN forces were building up along the Pusan Perimeter and that it must conduct an offensive soon or it could not win the battle .
@ 10 ERA in the month with 48 strikeouts and only 10 walks .
By 1921 , the Commission had established 1 @,@ 000 cemeteries which were ready for headstone erections , and burials .
For example , when Mendes used a slow push in to the Burnhams ' dinner table , he held the shot because his training as a theater director taught him the importance of putting distance between the characters .
@ 8 tons .
He formed a tag team known as " The Minnesota Stretching Crew " with his former college roommate , Shelton Benjamin .
He ’ s always thinking about how he can beat you . "
Mendes ' dominating visual style was deliberate and composed , with a minimalist design that provided " a sparse , almost surreal feeling — a bright , crisp , hard edged , near Magritte @-@ like take on American suburbia " ; Mendes constantly directed his set dressers to empty the frame .
In order to minimize the expected resistance , the JNA confiscated the TO weapons .
When the remains of a Commonwealth soldier from the First or Second World War is discovered the Commission is notified and a Commission burial officer tries to collect any associated artifacts that may help in identify the remains .
Indeed , Francis was so pleased with the outcome at Dürenstein that he awarded Kutuzov the Military Order of Maria Theresa .
After its dissipation five days later , no tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity developed over the next two months .
Communication from division and regimental headquarters to nearly all the forward units was broken .
He would return at UFC 116 to defeat Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion Shane Carwin and unify the heavyweight championships , becoming the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion .
She dodged 11 torpedoes and was only hit by a bomb once , on the bulge outboard of the port catapult .
Two short straps descend from the headdress in front of the ears .
His lawyer described it as a " vitamin type of thing " .
The first Type UB I to enter service was UB @-@ 10 , which formed the nucleus of the Flanders Flotilla , on 27 March 1915 .
It still required a manual center placement , keeping some subjectivity within the process .
In 2011 , he won the pitching Triple Crown and the National League Cy Young Award , becoming the youngest pitcher to accomplish either of these feats since Dwight Gooden in 1985 .
As of November 2012 , Independiente has sold 75 @,@ 000 copies in the United States .
The Tetrarch experienced several setbacks throughout its development and deployment with the Army and airborne forces .
The winds knocked over two cranes , killing two people , and left about 9 @,@ 000 homes without power .
At midnight four hundred RUC men in full riot gear and carrying riot shields occupied the [UNK] .
Fourth Column , commanded by Lieutenant General [UNK] , nine battalions of infantry .
On 25 February 1994 , the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with parts of other special forces units of the HV : Frankopan Battalion , Ban Jelačić Battalion , Matija [UNK] Battalion , [UNK] [UNK] Battalion and part of 8th Light Assault Brigade forming the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade ( 1 @.
Alternatively , it is possible that the crash did not excavate deeply enough into the regolith to liberate significant quantities of water vapor .
On June 5 , 2003 , during the first term of George W. Bush 's presidency , Ted Rall presented A View of the World from Pennsylvania Avenue as a Parody of View of the World from 9th Avenue in a Universal Press Syndicate editorial cartoon .
The Mirror 's Jon Cooper also praised Coleman and the new side of the Doctor that was shown , comparing it to Rose Tyler ( Billie Piper ) challenging the Ninth Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) .
From within the area they launched attacks on the British Army , and the [UNK] began a bombing campaign in the city centre .
In her acceptance speech , Jane [UNK] observed that despite all of her late husband 's achievements , there was one thing he had never received : " He had a great career , but he never had a trophy .
Storms entering from the Central Pacific only include their information while in the western Pacific , and are noted with an asterisk * .
His general Suetonius Paulinus crushed a revolt in Britain .
This was seen as a Parthian invasion of Roman territory .
A Company was now ordered to fall back to the southeast edge of Yongsan on the left flank of D Company .
18 survived the war and was ceded to France after the Treaty of Neuilly @-@ sur @-@ Seine .
Ambassador Bishop , aware of the ongoing strife , believed " the odds were better than even that we would have to leave Mogadishu under less than favorable circumstances . "
@ 3 billion ( CNY , $ 277 million USD ) , and across Guangdong , the typhoon killed 40 people .
In 2005 , Premiere named American Beauty as one of 20 " most overrated movies of all time " ; Mendes accepted the inevitability of the critical reappraisal , saying , " I thought some of it was entirely justified — it was a little [UNK] at the time . "
Order Temnospondyli
Under the Köppen climate classification system , Manila features a tropical savanna climate ( Köppen climate classification Aw ) .
PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility and any tropical cyclone that might move into their area of responsibility .
Ironclad construction also prefigured the later debate in battleship design between tapering and ' all @-@ or @-@ nothing ' armour design .
[UNK] dared to reply , " Yes if you do have enough capability .
He had a house built on the estate , most of which he operated as a gentleman farmer .
In life , the otic notch would have been covered by a membrane called the tympanum , which is seen as a disk @-@ like area in living frogs .
The third single from the album , " [UNK] " , began receiving radio airplay in November 2006 .
In 2006 , Boulter starred alongside Whishaw in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill .
The vandals were all members of an evangelical church and appeared to have been carrying out a supposed pre @-@ Columbian ritual , during which salts , grape juice and oil were thrown on the heads .
The eyes of the monument are closed , the nose is flattened and lacks nostrils and the mouth was not sculpted in a realistic manner .
In this regimental perimeter , the 23rd Infantry fought a series of hard battles .
There were occasional attacks on the 9th Infantry 's forward positions , but to the men in the front lines this appeared to be only a standard patrol action .
But neither leaves behind the problematic requirements of love , its loopholes , hideouts and concerns , as well as its bad times in this joke that 's life " .
He wanted to keep the tension in the scene , so he only cut away when Jane left the table .
In 62 , Nero 's adviser , [UNK] , died .
Lucan
Manila is one of the sixteen cities and a municipality that make up Metro Manila , the National Capital Region of the Philippines .
It weakened over land , but re @-@ intensified in the South China Sea , striking southern China near Yangjiang , Guangdong on July 24 .
Temnospondyli ( from Greek [UNK] ( [UNK] , " to cut " ) and [UNK] ( [UNK] , " vertebra " ) ) is a diverse subclass of extinct small to giant tetrapods — often considered primitive amphibians — that flourished worldwide during the Carboniferous , Permian , and Triassic periods .
All examples of Olmec colossal heads wear distinctive headdresses that probably represent cloth or animal hide originals .
He was the only son of Gnaeus Domitius [UNK] and Agrippina the Younger , sister of Emperor Caligula .
Lester discovers Carolyn 's infidelity , but reacts indifferently .
The era of the wooden steam ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line was brief , because of new , more powerful naval guns .
On 15 November the ships were transferred to the 2nd Battleship Division of the 1st Fleet .
As a result the Gores moved to England that year , establishing a residence in the fashionable Hyde Park area .
The Hustler received nine Academy Award nominations .
The exact method of transportation of such large masses of rock are unknown , especially since the Olmecs lacked beasts of burden and functional wheels , and they were likely to have used water transport whenever possible .
@ 5 cm ) guns , Dreadnought rendered all existing battleships obsolete by comparison .
After NY 18 , NY 93 curves to the southeast , serving another residential stretch ahead of a junction with Youngstown – Wilson Road ( CR 36 ) on the eastern edge of Towers Corners .
If the breech — which experiences some of the greatest forces in the gun — is not entirely secure , then there is a risk that either gas will discharge through the breech or that the breech will break .
Furthermore , many evacuees had pets they wanted to bring , which were not allowed .
They ruled under and gave yearly tribute to the Sultanate of Brunei as its satellite state .
I sit , and three fastballs down the middle .
Head VI drew a mixed reaction from art critics ; John Russell , later Bacon 's biographer , at the time dismissed it as a cross between " an alligator shorn of its jaws and an accountant in pince @-@ nez who has come to a bad end " .
He failed , to his surprise and that of centuries of later critics .
Kershaw finished his rookie season 5 – 5 , with a 4 @.
Kirby 's Block Ball was published by Nintendo first in Japan in 1995 , later in Europe , and last in North America in 1996 .
Arjona produced the album with Dan Warner , who has worked with Shakira , Celine Dion and Christina Aguilera .
American Beauty 's closest rival for Best Picture was still The Cider House Rules , from Miramax .
Monument 1 is the best preserved head at La Venta but has suffered from erosion , particularly at the back .
Butler held on to win 63 – 59 , advancing to the Elite Eight for the first time in school history .
Four different types of male flowers exist .
The heads date from at least before 900 BC and are a distinctive feature of the Olmec civilization of ancient Mesoamerica .
At the time , I thought it was something I really wanted to try . "
On 11 January , the evacuees were offloaded at Muscat , Oman .
Nero 's mother , Agrippina , lost favour with Caligula and was exiled in 39 after her husband 's death .
Half of the attackers were later identified from press photographs as members of the B @-@ Specials .
The peace between Parthia and Rome lasted 50 years until Emperor Trajan of Rome invaded Armenia in 114 .
They visited Holland , Belgium , and Switzerland , and spent six months in Paris .
Wes Bentley , Chris Cooper , and Allison Janney also feature .
A strong North Korean force surprised and delivered heavy automatic fire on it at 03 : 30 from positions astride the road east of the pass .
On 30 May 2012 , Amos signed a three @-@ year contract extension with Manchester United , which will keep him at the club until at least 2015 .
He had cruised through the first six innings while allowing only two hits ( both solo homers ) and surrendered six runs in the seventh .
The head was found in its original context ; associated finds have been radiocarbon dated to between 1000 and 600 BC .
Many basketball commentators picked UTEP to pull the upset , and at halftime it looked like they might be right , as UTEP led 33 – 27 .
On 17 August , the tensions escalated into an open revolt of the Croatian Serbs .
SM UB @-@ 11
La Venta Monument 4 measures 2 @.
Tanjung Batu beach ( [UNK] beach ) is located 3 km ( 1 @.
Early the next day , the JMA also estimated the typhoon reached peak 10 minute winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) .
Kershaw was born in Dallas , Texas on March 19 , 1988 .
He said that even when the film played for sitcom laughs , it did so with " unexpected nuance " .
In March 2013 , UCLA reportedly offered Stevens between $ 2 @.
Rebecca Gore used their exposure to European country estates to design a lavish new building for their Waltham estate during their English sojourn .
Various features of the head suggest that it was unfinished , such as a lack of symmetry below the mouth and an area of rough stone above the base .
The Ibans moved into [UNK] and [UNK] basins in the mid @-@ 19th and early 20th century with permission of the Brooke government .
Mastodonsaurus means " breast tooth lizard " after the nipple @-@ like shape of the tip of the tooth .
The Southern schools refused even to schedule games against schools that played African @-@ American players .
The Port of Manila is the largest seaport in the Philippines , making it the premier international shipping gateway to the country .
Kershaw finished the season with a 16 @-@ 9 record , 236 innings pitched ( a career high ) , and a Major League best 1 @.
@ 2 metres ( 3 @.
In the first decade of the 21st century evidence emerged of Olmec writing , with the earliest examples of Olmec hieroglyphs dating to around 650 BC .
While some found the inherent violence of the paintings distasteful , [UNK] was a skilled publicist and turned the bad press into notoriety , and brought Bacon 's work to national attention .
The agency estimated 10 minute sustained winds and barometric pressure based on the Dvorak technique and numerical weather prediction .
Justin Verlander of the Detroit Tigers won the American League Triple Crown the same season , marking the first major @-@ league season since 1924 to feature Triple Crown @-@ winning pitchers in both leagues .
The leaves of [UNK] [UNK] and A.
The food @-@ processing industry is one of the most stable major manufacturing sector in the city .
The lips are slightly parted without revealing the teeth .
The French had retreated from the field with a badly mauled division and Kutuzov had secured the right flank .
Kershaw began his career with the Gulf Coast League ( GCL ) Dodgers .
After the first draft was written , he set the poem aside , and he left in September to lecture throughout Great Britain .
The film was also nominated for Best Picture and Newman was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
Two badly damaged Olmec sculptures depict rectangular stone blocks bound with ropes .
It 's just not a good feeling to let your teammates down , let everybody down .
It has the observation points offering sunset views .
Yet Velázquez 's influence is apparent in many aspects of the painting .
Henderson ( 1995 ) recognised A. speciosa and A. spectabilis , considering the latter to either be an acaulescent form of A. speciosa or a hybrid between it and A. microcarpa .
However , Jean @-@ Christophe [UNK] was of the opinion that A.
Leading sculptors that worked on the memorials and cemeteries after the First World War included Eric Henri Kennington , Charles Thomas Wheeler , Gilbert Ledward , and Charles Sargeant Jagger .
They had very good high school careers or careers at other places ( transfers ) , but for one reason or the other they weren 't seen as great players .
A Russian army under Gen. Mikhail Kutuzov also maneuvered away from the French , withdrawing to the east .
Tacitus also said that Nero playing his lyre and singing while the city burned was only rumor .
A short strap descends from either side of the head to the ear .
He sold his shares in the Massachusetts bank , and became a director of the Boston branch of the U.S. Bank .
Two @-@ hundred and fifty British and Australian bodies were excavated from five mass graves which were interred in the newly constructed Fromelles ( Pheasant Wood ) Military Cemetery .
Flint , [UNK] Cannell , Amy Lowell , William Carlos Williams , James Joyce , Ford Madox Ford , Allen Upward and John [UNK] Michelson was also another included in the important 1963 anthology by William Pratt The Imagist Poem Modern Poetry in miniature .
Mayors [UNK] , Villegas , and [UNK] are often collectively considered as the " Big Three of Manila " less for their rather long tenures as the city 's chief executive ( continuously for over three decades , from 1952 – 1986 ) , but more for their indelible contribution to the development and progress of the city and their lasting legacy in uplifting the quality of life and welfare of the people of Manila .
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski agreed , saying Butler would be " right up there , No.
Congress previously held office at the Old Congress Building .
Ultimately he changed his mind and identified friends and colleagues as party members .
At 0000 UTC , both the JTWC and JMA discontinued the monitoring of [UNK] .
According to a report in 2003 , The Pasig River is one of the most polluted rivers in the world with 150 tons of domestic waste and 75 tons of industrial waste dumped daily .
[UNK] of the Year ( 2015 ) – # [UNK]
Julie Andrews
Moreover , the distinction between [UNK] and [UNK] vertebrae is not entirely clear .
At this the light machine gun at the tip of the ridge took them under fire , as did another across the Naktong to the south in the US 25th Infantry Division sector .
Filmmaker considered the score to be one of Newman 's best , saying it " [ enabled ] the film 's transcendentalist aspirations " .
In storm information below , wind @-@ speed advisories differ from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) to the JMA as the JTWC uses the United States criteria of 1 @-@ minute mean to designate maximum sustained winds , while the JMA uses the 10 @-@ minute mean wind criteria to designate tropical cyclone maximum sustained winds .
Although Ferdinand retained nominal command , day @-@ to @-@ day decisions were placed in the hands of Mack , equally ill @-@ suited for such an important assignment .
The legislature passed resolves opposing the federal government 's hardline policy against trade and diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom ( then embroiled in the Napoleonic Wars ) , and Gore in early 1810 invited Francis James Jackson , who had been rejected as the UK 's ambassador to the US , to visit the state .
After initially moving to the west , it turned to the south , and the JTWC estimated the depression intensified into a tropical storm .
The peace did not last and full @-@ scale war broke out in 58 .
@ 6 – 15 @.
The band was formed by vocalist Jared Gomes , formerly of The Clue , also known as " [UNK] " ( MC Underdog ) , and guitarist Wes Geer , who became friends amidst the Orange County hardcore punk scene .
@ 9 ft ) high .
The genus [UNK] has pinnately compound leaves — rows of leaflets emerge on either side of the axis of the leaf in a feather @-@ like or fern @-@ like pattern .
On the day , march organisers turned the march away from the barriers and up to Free Derry Corner , but some youths proceeded to the barrier at William Street and stoned soldiers .
This season the game was played at the Sydney Cricket Ground in Australia .
The remnants continued generally northeastward through the Aleutian Islands , eventually passing south of mainland Alaska on October 7 .
Several suborders of [UNK] were recognized in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
@ 00 ERA , making him the first to do this since Randy Johnson from 1999 – 2002 .
South of Swifts Mills , the road serves only intermittent stretches of homes for 2 miles ( 3 @.
That corner , which was a popular venue for meetings , later became known as " Free Derry Corner " .
[UNK] suggested that the storm reached major hurricane status , or Category 3 status , on September 2 .
DreamWorks had launched a major campaign for American Beauty five weeks before ballots were due to be sent to the 5 @,@ 600 Academy Award voters .
In 1841 , English palaeontologist Richard Owen referred to the genus as Labyrinthodon to describe its highly folded or labyrinthine teeth .
The casemate armour was 149 mm ( 5 @.
Kershaw finished the season 21 – 3 with a 1 @.
He meets her again at a bar .
While the details of the ship 's fire @-@ control instruments are not fully available , it is known that the ships were fitted with a fire @-@ control director after completion .
@ 67 in ) , and the turret and hull given more sloped surfaces to help deflect shells fired at the tank .
This was the first new Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery in more than 50 years , the last such cemeteries having been built after the Second World War .
However , I do not wish to take the responsibility of putting Yeats or anybody else into Hell and I do not want to impute to him the particular vice which took [UNK] there .
In 1915 , Pound edited the poetry of another 1890s poet , Lionel Johnson for the publisher Elkin Mathews .
According to the Elias Sports Bureau , Kershaw was the first 23 @-@ year @-@ old pitcher to have that many victories , an ERA that low and an average of more than one strikeout per inning since ERA became an official statistic in 1910 .
As long as I have that , I don 't give a damn what anybody else thinks .
In 1993 , the battalion took part in Operation Maslenica .
In April 2012 , The Independent reported that Simon Cowell , the group 's manager , had challenged prominent songwriters to compete for space on One Direction 's second album .
Manila has endured several deadly earthquakes , notably in 1645 and in 1677 which destroyed the stone and brick medieval city .
Fulford demonstrated the prominence of this work by mentioning that a high school in suburban Ottawa made imitating View of the World an assignment in its graphic arts class .
Once Ezra becomes broke he finds employment as the valet for Jack [UNK] .
Ordained in Reform Judaism , he had previously served as a rabbi in Topeka , Kansas for two years , then lived in Israel for two years , before coming to Eugene .
Family [UNK]
After his senior year , Stevens received the Coaches ’ Award .
One of the major problems was the limited number of these tanks that existed after production ended in 1942 , which particularly affected the airborne forces .
In planning its new offensive , the North Korean command decided any attempt to flank the UN force was impossible thanks to the support of the UN navy .
This compound image is used to discuss the connection of holy places with the Holy Spirit , Pentecost , communion with the dead , and the repetition of history .
The Conquistadors renamed the area Nuevo Reino de Castilla ( New Kingdom of Castille ) and shortened the name to Manila .
have investigated asymmetric epoxidation with a chiral [UNK] salt using [UNK] as the stoichiometric oxidant seen below .
North Koreans had also approached Yongsan from the south .
Eddie and Fats compliment each other as players , and Eddie walks out .
At 21 years old , he started the opener of the 2009 NLCS against the Philadelphia Phillies and was the third youngest pitcher to ever start a playoff series opener , behind only Fernando Valenzuela in the 1981 NLDS and Rick Ankiel in the 2000 NLDS .
Richard Gale " Dick " [UNK] ( August 21 , 1926 – December 5 , 1994 ) was an American football player and a pioneering television broadcaster for the forerunner to [UNK] @-@ TV in Buffalo .
The backs of the monuments often are flat .
The centre @-@ battery was the simpler and , during the 1860s and 1870s , the more popular method .
Commission cemeteries are distinctive in treating floriculture as an integral part of the cemetery design .
Gore also purchased Massachusetts war @-@ related debts , and lobbied Massachusetts Congressmen for the U.S. government to assume those as well .
From Dürenstein to Krems the river makes its wide curve ; the mountains and the steeply terraced slopes prevent clear line @-@ of @-@ sight between the two towns .
This approach gave Hall more control over the shadows while keeping the fill light unobtrusive and the dark areas free of spill .
Large amounts of money were obtained from Domitian 's silver and gold statues , and Nerva forbade that similar images be made in his honor .
While an exact total of her casualties is not available , it has been estimated that 5 men were killed and some 111 – 121 crewmen were wounded during this attack .
" Next Big Thing ( Remix ) " by Jim Johnston ( January 28 , 2013 – present )
( − ) [UNK] was synthesized via [UNK] epoxidation as a late stage transformation as seen below .
Born in Macclesfield , Cheshire , Amos began his career with Crewe Alexandra 's youth academy , but joined Manchester United at the age of 11 .
At Ulm on 16 October Karl Mack surrendered his encircled army of 20 @,@ 000 infantry and 3 @,@ 273 cavalry .
@ 0 in ) Type 41 guns of the Ise class were mounted in three pairs of twin @-@ gun , superfiring turrets .
The Rizal complex had hosted several multi @-@ sport events , such as the 1954 Asian Games and the 1934 Far Eastern Games .
Kiss You " is an upbeat power pop song with electronic effects ; the lyrics detail a protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other .
Like the wars sparked by the French Revolution ( 1789 ) , these further revolutionized the formation , organization and training of European armies and led to an unprecedented militarization , mainly due to mass conscription .
The practice of collecting the heads was known as " [UNK] [UNK] " ( picking heads ) in the local native language .
Shortly after development , Kujira quickly intensified in its early stages , and was upgraded to a tropical storm just two days after cyclogenesis .
Written in the key of E major , the beat is set in common time and moves at a quick 90 beats per minute , according to the digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing .
@ 6 km ) to a commercialized intersection with NY 5 ( Main Road ) , where Buell Street and NY 93 both come to an end .
The helicopters were flying too low to spot a strobe light which was placed on the embassy 's water tower ( the highest point within the embassy compound ) and the golf course in the embassy compound had a black , oil @-@ coated surface — not the familiar green grass that the helicopter crew would [UNK] breaking radio silence ( their only direct communication with the embassy was unencrypted ) to contact the embassy , they were able to discern it and land at 07 : 10 .
@ 2 % .
At 08 : 10 Keiser telephoned Eighth Army headquarters and reported the heaviest and deepest North Korean penetrations were in the 9th Infantry sector .
Paleontologists included both [UNK] and [UNK] in the group .
When Taylor was forced to drop out of Seesaw because of shooting overruns on Cleopatra , Newman was freed up to take the role , which he accepted after reading just half of the script .
The North Koreans began crossing the Naktong River under cover of darkness at certain points .
It covers the western portion of Tondo that lies along Manila Bay .
He revealed the circumstances of his first contract : " a producer , friend of mine , told them [ the record label ] that if they did not sign me in , they won 't sign two artists he had [ at that time ] " .
Second Column , Lieutenant General Essen , included six battalions of infantry , three battalions of grenadiers , and five squadrons of Hussars .
Both ' A ' and ' B ' Squadrons were equipped with Valentine Infantry tanks and Mark [UNK] light tanks , but ' C ' Squadron was equipped with twelve Tetrarchs transferred from the 2nd Armoured Brigade , 1st Armoured Division .
The storm caused widespread power outages and ferry disruptions .
He also reminded the reader that Hitler 's speech is balanced out earlier in the book by Lieber 's long monologue on the horrors of the Holocaust .
It was replaced by a platform on Turret No.
In 1983 , Operation California delivered aid to the children of Vietnam and Cambodia .
Thirty @-@ four pitches in all .
Nero 's father was described by Suetonius as a murderer and a cheat who was charged by Emperor Tiberius with treason , adultery and incest .
Those naval engagements of the latter half of the 19th @-@ century which involved ironclads normally involved colonial actions or clashes between second @-@ rate naval powers .
@ 03 metres ( 9 ft 11 in ) .
By re @-@ signing with Butler , Stevens temporarily ended speculation that he would leave the university for a higher paying job .
Very fine Olmec art , much clearly made for an elite , survives in several forms , notably Olmec figurines , and larger sculptures such as The Wrestler .
Development of the objective Dvorak technique began in 1998 , which performed best with tropical cyclones that had eyes ( of hurricane or typhoon strength ) .
11 of [UNK] .
Modern historians , though , note that the period was riddled with deflation and that it is likely that Nero 's spending came in the form of public works projects and charity intended to ease economic troubles .
Typhoon Etau earlier in the month made landfall in Japan , resulting in 17 deaths .
Writing under the pseudonym " Manlius " , he denounced the formation of " Democratic Societies " formed to oppose Federalist policy and support pro @-@ French positions .
The prototype weighed approximately 16 @,@ 800 pounds ( 7 @,@ 600 kg ) and was powered by a 165 @-@ horsepower ( 123 kW ) Meadows engine .
The commission was established to arbitrate claims emanating from British seizures of American vessels and cargoes , and from British claims relating to violations of American neutrality in the ongoing French Revolutionary Wars .
Lactantius ( c .
The roll eventually contained the names of nearly 67 @,@ 000 civilians .
While the termini of NY 93 have remained the same to this day , several portions of the route have been realigned since that time .
It is also one of the largest granular urea plants in Asia .
In 2008 , an exploratory excavation discovered mass graves on the edge of Pheasant Wood outside of Fromelles .
While under repair at Kure , both ships received prototype Type 21 radars .
Through the arched ceilings came a constant drip , drip , drip of surface water that faithfully but drearily ticked off the seconds of the interminable , almost unendurable , wait which always occurs between completion of a military plan and the moment action begins .
During the match at WrestleMania , Lesnar botched a shooting star press , a move he 'd done numerous times in developmental matches , and jammed his head and neck .
Inflexible 's armor protection was largely limited to the central citadel amidships , protecting boilers and engines , turrets and magazines , and little else .
Hall felt the consequent wide shot " worked perfectly for the tone of the scene " .
The Union built a large fleet of fifty monitors modeled on their namesake .
Tracking northwest , favorable conditions allowed for the intensification of the system to tropical storm strength on August 2 .
Kershaw was selected to the National League team for the 2011 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his first All @-@ Star selection .
At No Mercy , Lesnar defeated Undertaker in a Biker Chain match .
Arjona does not win the latter award since 2005 with Adentro in a shared win with Mexican singer Julieta Venegas .
Healthy .
After the accompanying music video was released , the song re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 65 . "
At different times during the long Spanish period there were local revolts , Chinese insurrections , massive pirate attacks , great earthquakes , Dutch raids and invasion attempts , and a British occupation of the city during their unsuccessful attempt to conquer the Philippines .
The Doctor , after meeting Clara , wistfully replies " those were the days " when she asks why he isn 't staying to get acquainted with her , which are the same words he tells Craig Owens ( " Closing Time " ) when Craig comments that the Doctor always wins .
Known as the " Floating Trojan Horse of Gibraltar " , Decima [UNK] MAS , an Italian commando frogman unit created during the Fascist government , engaged in numerous attacks against the harbour at Gibraltar .
Lesnar hit the F @-@ 5 on the champion , which enabled Angle to pin him and win the title .
He was then called up to the majors on May 28 , 2008 , but optioned back to Jacksonville on July 2 .
However , after passing to the northeast , winds from the typhoon fanned volcanic ash from the recently erupting Anatahan volcano towards the island , prompting precautionary measures in Guam .
@ 5 T @-@ numbers per day .
At the Battle of [UNK] in May 68 , [UNK] ' forces easily defeated those of Vindex and the latter committed suicide .
Formed in 1994 , the band performs a style of music which it refers to as " G @-@ punk " , a fusion of punk rock and gangsta rap .
Lesnar submitted Soo Kim with strikes in 1 : 09 of the first round to win his first official MMA match .
The four remaining Type UB Is in Flanders — UB @-@ 10 , UB @-@ 12 , UB @-@ 16 , UB @-@ 17 — were all converted to minelayers by 1918 , having their torpedo tubes removed and replaced with chutes to carry up to eight mines .
This would have enabled Lesnar to work anywhere , immediately .
@ 5 metres ( 11 ft ) long and 1 @.
Like many American films of the time , The Heart of Ezra Greer was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards .
Spanish rule of Manila and the entire Philippine archipelago lasted for over three centuries , until 1898 .
5 Commando , 29th Independent Brigade Group , and the 17th and 13th brigade groups from 5th Infantry Division .
In addition there were 9 @,@ 000 – 10 @,@ 000 regionally organised reserve police .
The original Little Gidding community was built for living on monastic lines , but the community was damaged and dispersed by Puritan forces during the English Civil War in 1646 .
Below is an example of one of Du Fu 's later works , To My Retired Friend Wei ( Chinese : [UNK] ) .
Their teenaged son , Ricky , constantly films his surroundings with a camcorder , collecting hundreds of recordings on videotapes in his bedroom .
The 1916 preface to Some Imagist Poets comments " Imagism does not merely mean the presentation of pictures .
The naval war was concluded the next year at the Battle of Weihaiwei , where the strongest remaining Chinese ships were surrendered to the Japanese .
The typhoon attained peak winds of 155 km / h ( 100 mph ) before weakening slightly while turning to the northeast .
The central pressures assigned to tropical cyclones have required modification , as the original estimates were 5 @-@ 10 hPa ( 0 @.
In 1919 , British paleontologist D. M. S. Watson proposed that the evolutionary history of these large amphibians could be seen through changes in their vertebrae .
The most senior among the former legionnaires was Ante Roso , previously a Sous @-@ Officier ( non @-@ commissioned officer – NCO ) in the 4th Foreign Regiment .
Several government agencies have set up their headquarters in Quezon City but several key government offices still reside in Manila .
Because of a lack of equipment training facilities in mid @-@ 1940 , when the British airborne establishment was formed , the War Office was able to accept only 500 volunteers for training as airborne troops .
At the start of the 2007 – 08 season , Stevens was the second youngest coach in Division I basketball .
On 21 February 2015 he made his Bolton debut as a substitute for the injured Lonergan as Wanderers lost 4 – 1 to Nottingham Forest at the City Ground .
The head is adorned with ear ornaments in the form of a disc that covers the earlobe , with an associated clip or peg .
The head sports large ear ornaments in the form of pegs .
Of the 29 men who came off the hill the night of September 4 , 22 escaped to friendly lines , many of them following the Naktong downstream , hiding by day and traveling by night , until they reached the lines of the US 25th Infantry Division .
After Operation [UNK] , the British Army controlled the [UNK] and [UNK] by stationing large numbers of troops within the area , by conducting large @-@ scale ' search ' operations that were in fact undertaken for purposes of intelligence gathering , and by setting up over a dozen covert observation posts .
20 on the Top Independent Albums chart and at No.
On 25 September 1939 , No 200 ( Coastal ) Group was formed as a subordinate formation to HQ RAF Mediterranean in control of No 202 Sqn .
SM UB @-@ 1 ( became the Austro @-@ Hungarian U @-@ 10 , July 1915 )
Again , Rome and Parthia were at war and this continued until 63 .
His grandfather became Consul [UNK] in July of either 21 or 22 , and was known as a personal friend of Emperor Tiberius ( AD 14 – 37 ) , accompanying the emperor during his voluntary seclusion on Capri from 23 onwards , dying in 33 .
Africa , Asia and Pacific Area is headed by a director and is responsible for areas not covered by any of the other bodies .
@ 7 million photographs for posterity .
@ 4 km2 ( 223 sq mi ) ) of oil palm , 2 @,@ 000 hectares ( 200 km2 ( 77 sq mi ) ) of Rattan , and 815 hectares ( 8 @.
@ 7 , indicating a slightly above average season .
@ 8 in ( 450 mm ) in Clermont .
It had become partly Islamic and Hindu @-@ animist by the 15th century CE .
Carolyn begins an affair with her married business rival , Buddy Kane .
There they were defeated two games to nil .
Late on 9 November they destroyed the bridges across the Danube , holding the last one at the hamlet of Stein , near the village Krems , until the late afternoon .
The film follows Ezra Greer , a middle @-@ aged man who has worked hard since his youth .
However , the ladder topology used by Campbell with the constant k is still in use today with implementations of modern filter designs such as the Tchebyscheff filter .
Other locations in Japan experienced considerable agricultural damage as well as numerous landslides .
Many of Du 's poems from this period are peaceful depictions of his life at " thatched hut " .
It is uncertain who or what actually caused the fire — whether accident or arson .
@ 6 billion .
In 2009 , despite an 8 – 8 record , he led the major leagues in opposing batting average ( .200 ) , opposing slugging percentage ( .282 ) , and hits per nine innings ( 6 @.
Jim and Jim , the Burnhams ' other neighbors , are a satire of " gay bourgeois [UNK] " , who " [ invest ] in the numbing sameness " that the film criticizes in heterosexual couples .
Operation California had airlifted more than $ 3 million worth of aid by October 1979 .
The City @-@ class ironclad USS Cairo is currently on display in Vicksburg , Mississippi .
In the late 1920s the fire @-@ control systems were upgraded and additional platforms were added to the foremast to accommodate them .
Warrior was only semi @-@ armoured , and could have been disabled by hits on the bow and stern .
When Ball first saw a completed edit , it was a version with truncated versions of these scenes .
Wesley Geer ( [UNK] , Wes Geer ) — guitar ( 1994 – 2003 )
" Eddie , you 're a born loser . "
Joyce 's poem is not written in free verse , but in rhyming quatrains .
Even when he learned of the death of his youngest child , he turned to the suffering of others in his poetry instead of dwelling upon his own misfortunes .
In an attempt to appease the soldiers of the Praetorian Guard , Nerva had dismissed their prefect Titus Petronius Secundus — one of the chief conspirators against Domitian — and replaced him with a former commander , Casperius Aelianus .
Manila placed third in the Highly [UNK] City ( HUC ) category .
The de Young Museum was loaned San Lorenzo colossal heads 5 and 9 for its Olmec : Colossal Masterworks of Ancient Mexico exhibition , which ran from 19 February to 8 May 2011 .
The interest in Japanese verse forms can be placed in a context of the late Victorian and Edwardian revival of interest in [UNK] and Japonism as witnessed in the 1890s vogue for William Anderson 's Japanese prints donated to the British Museum , performances of Noh plays in London , and the success of Gilbert and Sullivan 's operetta The Mikado ( 1885 ) .
[UNK] , like all amphibians , reproduced in aquatic environments .
This tension would have been experienced during suction feeding underwater .
<formula>
The Zrinski Battalion trained volunteer troops in Vukovar in June 1991 before it saw action in Hrvatska Kostajnica , the Battle of Gospić and near Slano in 1991 .
He lent Bening the Bobby Darin version of the song " Don 't Rain on My Parade " , which she enjoyed and persuaded the director to include it for a scene in which Carolyn sings in her car .
However , in response to indications from Ambassador Bishop that conditions in Mogadishu were deteriorating , planners considered 1 @,@ 050 @-@ nautical @-@ mile ( 1 @,@ 940 km ; 1 @,@ 210 mi ) and , later , 890 @-@ nautical @-@ mile ( 1 @,@ 650 km ; 1 @,@ 020 mi ) flights with the CH @-@ [UNK] while the ships were still located in the northern Arabian Sea .
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970 .
This time they continued the fighting into the daylight hours of 9 September .
Lastly , Hitler maintains that the Reich begat Israel and suggests that he is the Messiah " whose infamous deeds were allowed by God in order to bring His people home . "
He placed [UNK] in Lepospondyli , a group which he characterized as having simple , spool @-@ shaped vertebral centra .
Iron ships had first been proposed for military use in the 1820s .
In 66 , there was a Jewish revolt in Judea stemming from Greek and Jewish religious tension .
After moving through the northern Bahamas , the hurricane weakened slightly before making landfall at Jupiter , Florida , at 0500 UTC on September 4 .
" The Snowmen " was originally intended to be produced in the fourth production block of the series and be the first episode Coleman shot as her character ; however , it did not begin filming until the week of 6 August 2012 , after Coleman had worked on later episodes while Moffat was writing the Christmas special .
Finally , he neglected to enclose the place where his body was burned except with a low and mean wall . "
The Pasig River bisects Manila .
Coleman stated that she played each version as individuals with " trust that there would be a payoff " to her mystery .
This period of unhappiness was the making of Du Fu as a poet : Even Shan Chou has written that , " What he saw around him — the lives of his family , neighbors , and strangers – what he heard , and what he hoped for or feared from the progress of various campaigns — these became the enduring themes of his poetry " .
Amos attended [UNK] High School , where he earned 11 GCSEs at grade C or above .
33 ( Transport ) Squadron .
Little Gidding continues by describing the [UNK] of the present and how history exists in a pattern .
The Federalists gained control of the state legislature in 1808 in a backlash against Republican economic policies , but Gore was criticized for his failure to aggressively support state protests against the Embargo Act of 1807 , which had a major negative effect on the state 's large merchant fleet .
All seventeen of the confirmed heads in the Olmec heartland were sculpted from basalt mined in the Sierra de los [UNK] mountains of Veracruz .
He has two older brothers named Troy and Chad , and a younger sister named Brandi .
Brad Stevens is known for his youthful looks , often being described as " baby @-@ faced " .
The transfer of acylated amines is more difficult than that of unsubstituted amines , although , unlike amine transfer by [UNK] , there are no alternative methods that directly transfer acylated amines .
The game was also criticized for its lack of difficulty overall as well as its lack of speech samples , which several other Genesis games of the time had .
In Head VI the figure has developed and is now shown wearing vestments , the first indication in Bacon 's work of the influence of Velázquez , while the focus has become the open mouth and the study of the human scream .
In particular , the surroundings appear to contain a significant number of blocks in its ejecta blanket , suggesting that its radar properties are a result of surface roughness , and not ice deposits , as was previously suggested from a radar experiment involving the Clementine mission .
It awarded $ 110 @,@ 000 to British claimants and over $ 6 million to American claimants .
The crater is 21 km in diameter and 4 @.
He also noted that the results of this assignment was a worldwide variety of global foci from which the students viewed the world .
For Independiente , Arjona returns to his trademark sound after his stylistic departure for Poquita Ropa ( 2010 ) .
The most superfluous religious sacrifices , games and horse races were abolished , while new income was generated from Domitian 's former possessions , including the auctioning of ships , estates , and even furniture .
In northern Luzon , [UNK] damaged 32 @,@ 000 houses , including 3 @,@ 000 that were destroyed , and caused four fatalities .
Lesnar has full custody of the twins , and is the stepfather of Mariah , Greek 's daughter with her late husband .
In the next round , Lesnar was able to take Carwin down , attain a full mount , then move into side @-@ control and finish the fight with an arm triangle choke .
On Selection Sunday , the Bulldogs were seeded fifth in the West regional of the NCAA tournament and given a first @-@ round match up with twelfth seeded UTEP on March 18 .
The Pacific Ocean , slightly wider than the Hudson , separates the United States from three flattened land masses labeled China , Japan and Russia .
Lesnar faced Benoit in a singles bout two weeks later for the WWE Championship on SmackDown !
They were described at various times as [UNK] , [UNK] , and [UNK] , although these names are now rarely used .
The monument was discovered partially buried at the edge of a gully by Matthew Stirling in 1945 .
The deficit was partially handled by embassy staff who assisted a few soldiers from the security detail .
Although [UNK] are considered amphibians , many had characteristics , such as scales , claws , and armour @-@ like bony plates , that distinguish them from modern amphibians .
[UNK] caught a 29 @-@ yard pass for the game 's final score .
This hill and Hill 209 dominated the rear areas of the regiment .
Released in North America on September 17 , 1999 , American Beauty was positively received by critics and audiences ; it was the best @-@ reviewed American film of the year and grossed over $ 356 million worldwide .
The plant is staffed with 380 people , of whom 93 % are Malaysians , with 80 % of the staff coming from Sarawak .
This stunned Lesnar and forced Angle and Lesnar to improvise the finish of the match .
However , he and Pound had long been corresponding on the question of the renewal of poetry along similar lines .
It debuted in Israel to " potent " returns , and limited releases in Germany , Italy , Austria , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Finland followed on January 21 .
However , his advice continued to be unappreciated , and in the summer of 758 he was demoted to a post as Commissioner of Education in [UNK] .
Vandals defaced the central memorial of the Étaples Military Cemetery in northern France with anti @-@ British and anti @-@ American graffiti on 20 March 2003 immediately after the beginning of the Iraq War .
As such , he chose to attend academically oriented DePauw University for college .
It is not surprising that Seneca ( c .
Because he had destroyed all his out of the last three years , he had little choice but to present new works .
Members of Task Force Manchu who escaped from Hill 209 brought back considerable intelligence information of North Korean activity in the vicinity of the [UNK] ferry crossing site .
Mendes said that Ricky 's staring into Lester 's dead eyes is " the culmination of the theme " of the film : that beauty is found where it is least expected .
In terms of French staffing , Mortier 's failure to guard his flank , especially in the face of Napoleon 's direct advice , adversely influenced his relationship with his commander .
The War Office ordered 70 tanks , an order that eventually increased to 220 .
These impressions show , when alive , they had smooth skin , robust limbs with webbed feet , and a ridge of skin on their undersides .
In the broader picture , despite the important major naval engagements , the outcome of the War of the Third Coalition was determined on the Continent , predominantly in the two major land operations .
Notes : Through 2015 season .
The request was denied , but the Ambassador was told that an advance element from the vessels would reach the embassy the following morning .
The Times went on to state that Stevens had the calm and composure of a seasoned veteran . "
Paul Newman reprised his role as Fast Eddie Felson in the 1986 film The Color of Money , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
A 2007 study made a " [UNK] " of all temnospondyl families , combining the family @-@ level trees of previous studies .
The scalp piece does not meet the horizontal band , leaving a space between the two pieces .
Manila has become the most competitive city in the Philippines by 2015 , making the city the best place for doing business and for living in .
Besides his ecclesiastical career , [UNK] was a writer , and riddles he composed survive .
Back 2 Base X ( 2006 )
Ancient historians describe Nero 's early reign as being strongly influenced by his mother , Agrippina , his tutor Lucius Annaeus Seneca , and the Praetorian Prefect Sextus Afranius [UNK] , especially in the first year .
The smallest contingency of Chadian Olympians occurred during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , when only [UNK] [UNK] competed on the country 's behalf .
They were replaced by either the British rangefinders or domestically built instruments of 6 or 8 metres ( 19 ft 8 in or 26 ft 3 in ) length .
His father died around 740 .
Gore was in 1808 elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives , where he successfully led Federalist efforts to ensure the selection of a Federalist slate of presidential electors .
In addition to the torpedo bulge added when the ships were modernized , the deck armour over the machinery and magazines was increased to a total thickness of 140 mm .
Following a privatisation exercise , Bintulu Port Sdn Bhd ( [UNK] ) was founded on 23 December 1992 and commenced operation on 1 January 1993 .
Syracuse rallied in the second half , taking its first lead of the game , 40 – 39 , off a Wes Johnson three @-@ pointer .
Angela goes to the bathroom and Lester smiles at a family photograph in his kitchen .
Chad was originally part of French West Africa until 1960 , when it declared independence .
While Donald is flipping through some books in Scrooge [UNK] 's library , a map falls out of a book relating to the treasure of King [UNK] , ruler of the Great Duck Kingdom in ancient times .
Furthermore , [UNK] , a class of [UNK] peoples , became the aboriginal inhabitants of the Philippines .
A failed inbounds attempt and a timeout later , Hayward missed a baseline fade @-@ away jumper and Brian [UNK] came down with the rebound for Duke .
The monotony of Lester 's existence is established through his gray , nondescript workplace and characterless clothing .
At Dürenstein a combined force of Russian and Austrian troops trapped a French division commanded by Théodore Maxime Gazan .
@ 9 mph ) submerged .
Time Square Mall is currently under development in Bintulu , with [UNK] as the anchor tenant .
Each district elects one representative to the House of Representatives and six SP members to the council .
The US 2nd Division released E Company to the regiment and the next day it joined F Company to build up what became the main defensive position of the 23d Regiment in front of Changnyong .
She was runner @-@ up in 2009 , and won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events .
Disagreement exists as to whether [UNK] should be considered a single genus , or a group of related genera .
A handful of other sources also add a limited and varying perspective on Nero .
The increasing violence in Derry and elsewhere led to increasing speculation that internment without trial would be introduced in Northern Ireland , and on 9 August 1971 hundreds of republicans and nationalists were arrested in dawn raids .
Fifth Column , Lieutenant General Freiherr von [UNK] , nine battalions of infantry .
Colossal Head 4 is 1 @.
IGN recommended the game upon its 3DS rerelease both in general and for Breakout fans .
The Japanese plan for the defence of the Philippines envisioned that the surviving carriers would be used to lure the American carrier forces away from the invasion area to a position where the carriers could be attacked by land @-@ based aircraft and the transports by the rest of the IJN .
Following the completion of the third Four Quartets poem , The Dry Salvages , Eliot 's health declined and he stayed in Shamley Green , Surrey while he recovered .
Family [UNK]
@ hrvatski gardijski [UNK] ) , directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence rather than the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia .
Colonel Paul L. Freeman , the regimental commander , deployed the 1st Battalion on the high ground along the river with the three companies abreast .
A replica of San Lorenzo Head 5 was donated to Covina in 1989 , originally intended to be placed in Jalapa Park .
The delegation that arrived in Beijing consisted of two athletes — one man ( 30 @-@ year @-@ old [UNK] [UNK] ) and one woman ( 15 @-@ year @-@ old [UNK] Albertine [UNK] ) , both participants in track events .
On 18 July 1940 , after the attack on the French Fleet at Mers @-@ el @-@ Kébir by the British , the Vichy government authorized a bombing raid of Gibraltar as a response .
It comprises the High Court , the Sessions Court , and the Magistrate Court .
His Roman History , which spans nearly a millennium , from the arrival of Aeneas in Italy until the year 229 , was composed more than one hundred years after Nerva had died .
MMA Most Valuable Fighter ( 2008 – 2010 )
The image impedance of the half @-@ section is dissimilar on the input and output ports : on the side presenting the series element it is equal to the mid @-@ series ZiT , but on the side presenting the shunt element it is equal to the mid @-@ shunt ZiΠ .
In 1967 Bintulu celebrated the first 100 years of the Council Negri meeting ( Sarawak State Legislative Assembly ) .
He attended Boston Latin School , and entered Harvard College at the young ( even for the time ) age of thirteen .
The Doctor also wears a one @-@ off costume , Victorian @-@ themed , which Smith described as " a bit Artful Dodger meets the Doctor " .
Islam was further strengthened by the arrival of Muslim traders from the Arab @-@ Indian area and Southeast Asia .
Its size limited the possible crew to three , a driver in the hull and a gunner and commander in the turret , resulting in too few crew members to operate the Tetrarch effectively .
Canadian Agency is headed by a secretary @-@ general and responsible for Canada , the entire Americas ( including the Caribbean )
They are also the most common amphibians from the deposit in which the eggs were found .
The Philippine Capitol was to rise at the Taft Avenue end of the field , facing toward the sea , and would form , with the buildings of different government bureaus and departments , a quadrangle , lagoon in the center , and a monument to José Rizal at its Luneta end .
The Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant ( [UNK] ) , formerly known as Bintulu Crude Oil Terminal ( [UNK] ) , was established in 1979 .
Inside the TARDIS the Doctor gives Clara a TARDIS key , but the ice governess arrives and pulls Clara down off the cloud .
Match of the Year ( 2003 ) vs. Kurt Angle in an Iron Man match on SmackDown !
Combined fire from all weapons inflicted an estimated 300 casualties on this North Korean force .
Withdrawing through the narrow Danube canyon and fighting off the Russian force at their rear , Gazan and his division were trapped when more of [UNK] 's Russians appeared to block their retreat .
The head is particularly well executed and is likely to have been found close to its original location .
Other national parks that can be accessed along the Miri – Bintulu road are the Lambir Hills National Park and Niah National Park .
He was a consensus selection at end on the 1948 College Football All @-@ America Team .
Lester takes a minimum @-@ wage job at a fast @-@ food restaurant , trades in his Toyota Camry for his dream car , a 1970 Pontiac Firebird , and starts working out after he overhears Angela tell Jane that she would find him sexually attractive if he got in shape .
Many ships also used a forced draught to get additional power from their engines , and this system was widely used until the introduction of the steam turbine in the mid @-@ 1900s ( decade ) .
@ 1 ft ) deep and weighs 8 @.
The head was exposed in 1982 by erosion of the gullies at San Lorenzo ; it was found leaning slightly on its right hand side and facing upwards , half covered by the collapsed side of a gully and washed by a stream .
The airport currently serves three major airlines : Malaysia Airlines ( MAS ) , Air Asia , and MASwings , connecting to domestic destinations such as : Sibu , Miri , Kuching , Kuala Lumpur , and Kota Kinabalu .
An important element of this disagreement is the decision by Glassman to define species more narrowly than Henderson .
The next day , it weakened to tropical depression status , and after meandering offshore eastern Taiwan , [UNK] continued northeastward .
On August 31 , the UN forces were alerted to a pending attack when much of the Korean civilian labor force fled the front lines .
On January 13 , 2009 , they released their seventh studio album , New World Orphans .
They traveled slowly , held up by his ill @-@ health ( by this time he was suffering from poor eyesight , deafness and general old age in addition to his previous ailments ) .
In total , there were five drafts .
Carr of the Royal Australian Navy , was aboard the plane and was captured by the Japanese .
Frances Agnew of The Morning Telegraph found it to be an average picture that was not exceptional for audiences , but it would hold sentimental appeal for the average viewer .
@ 7 m ) storm surge was reported , half of the houses were destroyed , as were 13 boats and two planes , and most docks were wrecked .
Gorilla press slam
@ 5 Mya ) , [UNK] were joined by the superficially very similar [UNK] .
He is unhappily married to Carolyn , a neurotic yet fiercely ambitious real estate broker ; their teenaged daughter , Jane , abhors her parents and has low self @-@ esteem .
A few hours later while continuing to the northwest , it made another landfall near Rosewood — a ghost town in Levy County , east of Cedar Key — with winds of about 65 mph ( 105 km / h ) .
Corbulo was appointed governor of Syria as a reward .
Another contemporary , Gilbert Foliot , who was Bishop of Hereford , wrote to the pope to remind him that although Osbert 's accuser had offered to prove his accusations by undergoing a trial by ordeal , this was essentially meaningless since canon law forbade the clergy from the ordeal .
A small skullcap tops the headdress .
@ 1 ft ) deep and weighs 9 @.
The first was broadcast during the 2012 Children in Need telethon on 16 November 2012 , titled " The Great Detective " .
Electric services are provided by Meralco , the sole electric power distributor in Metro Manila .
On the western front , the Union built a formidable force of river ironclads , beginning with several converted riverboats and then contracting engineer James Eads of St. Louis , Missouri to build the City @-@ class ironclads .
@ 63 metres ( 5 @.
The [UNK] worked mainly in free verse .
Paleontologist A.L.
The North Koreans struck repeatedly at the defense line .
The ear jewellery is formed by large squared hoops or framed discs .
The vice of imagism was that it did not recognize this . "
In Argentina , Independiente debuted at number one for the week ending 9 October 2011 ; it remained at the top position for a single week , dropping to number five the following week .
During the season , each team had two bye rounds and played two rounds against each other team , one at home and one away .
6 to provide each aircraft with enough fuel for three sorties .
Among the Beats , Gary Snyder and Allen Ginsberg in particular were influenced by the Imagist emphasis on Chinese and Japanese poetry .
According to Collier , Stevens had something older , outside candidates could never match : six years of experience learning the Butler system , dubbed " The Butler Way " by Collier . "
After remaining nearly stationary , [UNK] began moving steadily to the west @-@ southwest due to a new ridge .
[UNK] refused to act against Nero , but the discontent of the legions of Germany and the continued opposition of Galba in Spain did not bode well for him .
Building upon the character 's surprise introduction in " Asylum of the Daleks " , " The Snowmen " introduces Clara as the Doctor 's new companion , though ultimately it would be a third version of her character that would travel with the Doctor starting with " The Bells of Saint John " .
A music video for the single was shot with director Tony Petrossian and was released on June 9 , 2006 online through Yahoo !
The historic [UNK] Street in Binondo features many buildings of neo @-@ classical and beaux @-@ arts architectural style , many of which were designed by prominent Filipino architects during the American Rule in the 1920s to the late 1930s .
@ 2 @-@ inch mortars was also to give support .
The government of Manila is divided into three branches : executive , legislative and judiciary .
The school was built in 1982 with a maximum capacity of 900 students .
It should be borne in mind that the characteristics of the filter predicted by the image method are only accurate if the section is terminated with its image impedance .
Hannah Dodd ( born 27 April 1992 ) is an Australian Grade IV equestrian and 2 @.
According to the British intelligence , there were at least 183 Spaniards and Gibraltarians involved in the espionage and sabotage operations against Gibraltar .
He carefully put this plan into effect beginning in 1803 – 04 , but implementation was incomplete in 1805 when Karl Mack , Lieutenant Field Marshal and Quartermaster @-@ General of the Army , implemented his own restructuring .
Around the end of 1908 , he presented his paper A Lecture on Modern Poetry at one of the club 's meetings .
Crop damage was worst along the Indian River Lagoon ; several farms in Stuart experienced total losses , and statewide , 16 % of the citrus crop , or 4 million boxes , were destroyed .
, where Lesnar won after Benoit passed out to Lesnar 's debuting Brock Lock submission hold .
A short distance downstream , each night they placed a pontoon bridge across the river and took it up before dawn the next morning .
Both [UNK] were asked , and agreed , to suspend operations on that day to ensure the march passed off peacefully .
An early scene showing the Burnhams leaving home for work was inserted later on to show the low point that Carolyn and Lester 's relationship had reached .
The accompanying music video , directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously directed One Direction 's music videos for " Live While We 're Young " and " Little Things " , was designed to showcase the group 's comedic timing .
The March 1913 issue of Poetry contained A Few Don 'ts by an Imagiste and the essay entitled Imagisme both written by Pound , with the latter being attributed to Flint .
The company is presided by Arjona and several friends ( including photographer @-@ director Ricardo Calderón , Universal Music México executive Humberto Calderon and BMG 's Miriam Sommerz ) , and is based in Miami and Mexico City .
After his military service Gore studied law with John Lowell , and was admitted to the bar in 1778 after a comparatively brief tutelage .
One person was killed and five others were injured in Vietnam .
@ 1 miles ( 0 @.
When Japan began the Pacific War on 8 December , the sisters sortied for the Bonin Islands with four other battleships and the light carrier Hōshō as distant cover for the fleet attacking Pearl Harbor , and returned six days later .
Different hypotheses have placed modern amphibians as the descendants of [UNK] , another group of early tetrapods called [UNK] , or even as descendants of both groups ( with caecilians evolving from [UNK] and frogs and salamanders evolving from [UNK] ) .
Plutarch
The Doctor speaks to the Great Intelligence , the entity that has been speaking to Dr. Simeon since he was a boy .
In 55 , he removed Marcus Antonius Pallas , an ally of Agrippina , from his position in the treasury .
The ghost discusses change , art in general , and how humankind is flawed .
How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
He was recalled on July 22 .
Nero became very popular in the eastern provinces of Rome and with the Parthians as well .
The film was also somewhat autobiographical for Rossen , relating to his dealings with the House Un @-@ American Activities Committee .
" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " features the reappearance of Weevil after an absence of five episodes ; during filming of the third season , Capra was undergoing medical treatment .
When a friend , Brandon Monk , had a basketball court installed in his back yard , Stevens " appeared instantaneously . "
Two were later added , which are Santa Mesa ( partitioned off from [UNK] ) and San Andres ( partitioned off from Santa Ana ) .
After defeating a skeletal Viking warrior , Donald returns to the deck , where the captain informs him that the diary is hidden in ice near the South Pole , and gives him an " ancient Viking plunger " that attaches to flying creatures .
Though the ships were laid down in 1873 their armor was not purchased from France until 1877 .
One side is decorated with a double @-@ disc motif that may have been repeated on the other ; if so , damage to the right side has obliterated any trace of it .
In 1786 Gore became concerned about a rise in anti @-@ lawyer sentiment in Massachusetts .
@ 2 km ) later .
An approaching trough caused Parma to accelerate northeastward while also increasing outflow .
The first purpose @-@ built steam battleship was the 90 @-@ gun Napoléon in 1850 .
Anker argues that " they are helpless in the face of the [UNK] economic and sexual stereotypes [ ... ] that they and their culture have designated for their salvation . "
Bintulu is located 610 kilometres ( 380 mi ) northeast of Kuching 216 kilometres ( 134 mi ) northeast of Sibu , and 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) southwest of Miri .
Christopher Gore ( September 21 , 1758 – March 1 , 1827 ) was a prominent Massachusetts lawyer , Federalist politician , and U.S. diplomat .
In the aftermath , the Japanese Empire immediately turned its focus to the two remaining rivals for imperial dominance in the Pacific Ocean : Britain and the United States .
Humidity levels are usually very high all year round .
They 'll be a favorite next year . "
Bintulu is located near the mouth of the [UNK] River , in the coastal region of central Sarawak .
The studio 's candidate for Best Picture the previous year , Saving Private Ryan , lost to Shakespeare in Love , so the studio took a new approach by hiring outsiders to provide input for the campaign .
In this way , even if the French tried to retreat west to Marbach , they would not escape the vise @-@ like grip of the Coalition army .
His paternal grandfather was Du [UNK] , a noted politician and poet during the reign of Empress Wu .
Several L @-@ shape half @-@ sections may be cascaded to form a composite filter .
Gore remained active in the administration of Harvard , and was active in a number of organizations , including the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Massachusetts Historical Society ( whose president he was from 1806 to 1818 ) .
These , together with the backlog of maintenance tasks from before the war , took a further 10 years to complete and the programme was not completed until the 1960s .
The Abwehr contacted a Spanish staff officer from Campo de Gibraltar , Lieutenant Colonel [UNK] Sánchez Rubio , a Spanish officer , member of the Falange and coordinator of the intelligence operations in the Campo , to establish a network of saboteurs with access to Gibraltar .
Chiral induction has been demonstrated with many other chiral ketones and ketones with chiral auxiliaries , including [UNK] and [UNK] .
Arguably Eads vessels were some of the better ironclads of the Western Flotilla , but there were a number of other vessels that served valiantly with the fleet .
Flint was at pains to emphasise the contribution of the Eiffel Tower poets , especially Edward Storer .
Swedish paleontologist Gunnar [UNK] @-@ [UNK] removed [UNK] from the group , narrowing its scope to [UNK] and [UNK] .
[UNK] or [UNK] ( [UNK] or [UNK] ; c .
Aside from these , important institutions such as the Supreme Court , the Court of Appeals , the [UNK] Sentral ng Pilipinas , the Departments of Budget and Management , Finance , Health , Justice , Labor and Employment and Public Works and Highways still call the city home .
Nonetheless , there were real innovations from Russia ; the first true type of ironclad armored cruiser , the General @-@ Admiral of the 1870s , and a set of remarkably badly designed circular battleships referred to as ' [UNK] ' ( for Admiral Popov , who conceived the design ) .
American Beauty was widely considered the best film of 1999 by the American press .
Through the remainder of the war , ironclads saw action in the Union 's attacks on Confederate ports .
The turrets were protected with an armour thickness of 254 mm ( 10 in ) on the face and 76 mm on the roof .
Hed PE ( 1997 )
Being a left @-@ handed strikeout pitcher and playing for the Los Angeles Dodgers , Kershaw has often been compared to Hall of Fame pitcher Sandy Koufax .
The second half of July , however , featured the development of typhoons Imbudo and Koni , which both tracked westward across the Philippines before striking areas near Saipan and other regions of southeastern China .
SM U @-@ 17 ( Austria @-@ Hungary )
He made the all @-@ conference team multiple times and was a three @-@ time Academic All @-@ America nominee .
On [UNK] Island , [UNK] , in the Brazilian Amazon , [UNK] [UNK] fruit were consumed by tapirs , collared peccaries , deer and primates .
He also gave land to a hospital in York and to the Templars and Hospitallers .
In this decision Kutuzov abandoned Vienna to the French , who were converging on the Austrian capital from the north , west and southwest , for the security of uniting with reinforcements from Galicia .
Mack completely misread the French dispositions and scattered his forces ; as the French defeated each unit separately , the surviving Austrians withdrew toward the Ulm fortifications .
RAAF Base Woomera , incorporating Woomera Village , was one of two Air Force units formally established on 12 January 2015 as part of a reorganisation of the Woomera Range Complex , the other unit being RAAF Woomera Test Range .
Bert demands a share of Eddie 's winnings and threatens that Eddie will be injured unless he pays .
In the Tourism Act of 2009 , Rizal Park along with Intramuros are designated as flagship destination to become a tourism enterprise zone .
Kershaw did not make the initial NL roster for the 2015 All @-@ Star Game , though he was included on the Final Vote ballot , which he lost to Cardinals pitcher Carlos Martinez .
[UNK] such as [UNK] and [UNK] that may have been at least partly terrestrial also have long neural spines on top of their vertebrae that would have stabilized the spine .
Recent studies place a family of [UNK] called the [UNK] as the closest relatives of modern amphibians .
By 1942 , there existed specifically trained airborne units , including the 1st Airborne Division , and on 19 January 1942 the War Office decided that a light tank unit would be one of the support units attached to the division .
@ 57 seconds ) and fell behind Papua New Guinea 's Mae [UNK] ( 11 @.
Despite [UNK] 's continuous assault in the next two to three hours , Mortier and Gazan pushed the Russians back up the narrow fissure in the hillside .
@ 5 in ( 118 mm ) armor of Gloire , while sometimes the screw which closed the breech flew backwards out of the gun on firing .
Trajan was formally bestowed with the title of Caesar and shared the consulship with Nerva in 98 :
@ 8 % ) ; and Buddhists ( 1 @.
The transmission parameters for a general constant k half @-@ section are given by
Harvard 's first library building , a Gothic structure built in 1838 of Quincy granite , was named in his honor , but was demolished when Widener Library was built in its place in 1915 .
Ball did not expect to sell the script , believing it would act as more of a calling card , but American Beauty drew interest from several production bodies .
In this period a comprehensive re @-@ evaluation of earlier poets took place , in which Wang Wei , Li Bai and Du Fu came to be regarded as representing respectively the Buddhist , Daoist and Confucian strands of Chinese culture .
National Post journalist Robert Fulford described the perspective as one in which the entire world is a suburb of Manhattan .
Brad and Tracy Stevens are involved with the American Cancer Society 's Coaches Vs .
However , Carter and Jackson argue that the uniform aesthetics are designed to evoke a positive experience which deliberately masks and [UNK] the nature of the war deaths .
Manila also hosts important national institutions such as the National Library , National Archives , National Museum and the Philippine General Hospital .
Local artists , especially poster artists , presented similarly compelling depictions of their own provincial perceptions .
At the end of 66 , conflict broke out between Greeks and Jews in Jerusalem and Caesarea .
The squadron retrieved all of the remaining Tetrarchs and advanced to the south of the landing zone to link up with the rest of the regiment ; there , they received orders to support the 8th Parachute Battalion in the Bois de Bavent area and conduct reconnaissance duties .
Most of them come from Britain , Australia , the Netherlands , Germany , South Africa , New Zealand , Japan , China , the United States , and Indonesia .
He believed the problems with the poem lay with his own inability to write , and that , precipitated by air raids on London , he had started the poem with too little preparation and had written it too quickly .
The depression also killed two people due to drownings .
670 – 734 ) was the tenth Archbishop of Canterbury from 731 to 734 .
But higher up on Hill 209 the North Koreans drove B Company from its position , inflicting very heavy casualties on it .
Gore ran against Gerry again in 1811 , but lost in another acrimonious campaign .
Although Imagism isolates objects through the use of what Ezra Pound called " luminous details " , Pound 's [UNK] Method of juxtaposing concrete instances to express an abstraction is similar to Cubism 's manner of synthesizing multiple perspectives into a single image .
He had no natural children of his own and only distant relatives , who were unsuited for political office .
Spanish missionaries soon Christianized the city and incorporated Tondo under Manila and then built some of the oldest churches in the country , including San Agustin Church .
The former MSG told planners that a new embassy had been planned and was under construction several years prior .
20 Squadron 's Catalinas was despatched to Western Australia to join a No.
Six days after his Hell in a Cell match with The Undertaker , Lesnar successfully retained his WWE title in a handicap match with Heyman at the Rebellion pay @-@ per @-@ view against Edge .
The victories are attributed to Nero bribing the judges and his status as emperor .
This book is the only work of fiction by Steiner to have been adapted for the stage .
The New York Times , USA Today , ESPN , and other commentators have attributed Butler 's success against teams with superior athletes to Stevens ' coaching style .
He screams and grimaces , clutching at arms of his throne . "
La Venta Monument 1 is speculated to have been the portrait of La Venta 's final ruler .
Faced with this opposition , in 1992 the Orthodox members left , renting new premises and hiring their own rabbi , creating Eugene 's second synagogue , originally called " The [UNK] [UNK] " , and in 1998 renamed " Congregation [UNK] Torah " .
Lesnar successfully defended his championship on January 4 , 2006 , against former champion Shinsuke Nakamura .
These Melanaus used to live further up the river , but since the construction of the fort , and the installation of an officer of the Rajah near the mouth of the river , they came to settle near the sea – a thing they would never have dared to do in former days for fear of the attacks of the [UNK] pirates and Dayak pirates .
New World Orphans ( 2009 )
She cuts the roses and puts them in vases , where they adorn her " meretricious vision of what makes for beauty " and begin to die .
Following renovations completed on 21 May 2000 , the hospital is now equipped with 200 beds .
@ 7 million deceased Commonwealth military service members in 153 countries .
The Ise class were the only Japanese battleships to place the powder magazine above the shell magazine as the IJN wished to put as much space as possible between the highly flammable propellant and mine and torpedo detonations .
Five years down the road , we were probably not going to be in a position to do that .
It was later emulated on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console , and released first in Japan ( October 2011 ) and later in Europe ( February 2012 ) and North America ( May 2012 ) .
In April 2015 , Stevens led the Celtics to the NBA Playoffs as the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference with a 40 – 42 record .
" The guys we [ have ] recruited , most of them weren 't very highly ranked , " Stevens says . "
When it develops , rainbands and cloud lines around the tropical cyclone weaken and the thick cloud shield obscures the circulation center .
As a result , Lesnar 's match with Goldberg became a fiasco as the fans at Madison Square Garden jeered and heckled both wrestlers vociferously .
Most of the head is carved in a realistic manner , the exception being the ears .
Local ethnic languages and Chinese dialects are spoken by the respective ethnic groups .
Accordingly , the War Office gave the Tetrarch the official General Staff specification number A17 , and , in November 1938 , accepted it for limited production after requesting a few minor changes which included the fitting of an external fuel tank to increase the tank 's range .
@ 28 ERA with 47 strikeouts through 431 ⁄ 3 innings pitched in his first stint of the year with the Suns .
General Eisenhower stayed at The Convent , the official Governor 's residence , but his operational headquarters were in a small chamber in a tunnel in the heart of the Rock .
Pennington argues that Col. Fitts ' reaction is not homophobic , but an " anguished self @-@ interrogation " .
In February 2010 , the Mexican Secretaría de [UNK] [UNK] ( Secretariat of Foreign Affairs ) announced that the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia would be donating a replica Olmec colossal head to Ethiopia , to be placed in Plaza Mexico in Addis Ababa .
Moffat is co @-@ creator of the BBC series Sherlock , for which Smith auditioned for the role of Doctor Watson before being cast as the Doctor .
Strong .
Both sides claimed victory .
It also decided that the barbette armour of the earlier ships was too thin and wanted a modest increase in speed to partially counter the higher speeds of the latest foreign ships like the British Queen Elizabeth @-@ class battleships and Russian Borodino @-@ class battlecruisers .
Mikhail [UNK] Kutuzov , commander of the Coalition force , enticed Mortier to send Gazan 's division into a trap and French troops were caught in a valley between two Russian columns .
Soon after his return to the United States , Gore reentered state politics , winning election to the Massachusetts Senate .
Once maturity is reached , most bones have fully formed and growth rate slows .
Tondo district was maintained as the traditional capital of the empire , with its rulers as sovereign kings and not mere chieftains , and were addressed variously as [UNK] ln [UNK] or [UNK] in Tagalog ( " lords " ) ; [UNK] [UNK] ( " son of heaven " ) ; or [UNK] ( " lord of the palace " ) , the Emperor of China considered the [UNK] ( rulers of ancient Manila ) " 王 " ( Kings ) .
North Dakota State University Bison Tournament Champion ( 1997 – 1999 )
According to Bobby Darin 's agent , Martin Baum , Paul Newman 's agent turned down the part of Fast Eddie .
The idea for the head series came after he returned penniless , late in 1948 , from a stay in Tangier .
Napoléon was armed as a conventional ship @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line , but her steam engines could give her a speed of 12 knots ( 22 km / h ) , regardless of the wind conditions : a potentially decisive advantage in a naval engagement .
The film was the final production and release of the Thanhouser Company and it was to be released through Pathé .
At No Way Out in June , Triple H challenged Lesnar , who was not present , to a match at SummerSlam which Lesnar refused .
, and was directed by Robert García .
Three of its aircraft flew the RAAF 's last mine @-@ laying mission on 30 July .
Using fossil evidence , there are three main theories for the origin of modern amphibians .
Stevens again called time out and re @-@ focused the team .
The sisters were refitted in late 1940 in preparation for war , which included the fitting of external degaussing coils and additional AA directors .
A third hypothesis is that caecilians descended from [UNK] and frogs and salamanders evolved from [UNK] .
The head has been moved to the Museo de Antropología de Xalapa ( " Anthropological Museum of Xalapa " ) .
Facing a false report of being denounced as a public enemy who was to be executed , he committed suicide on 9 June 68 ( the first Roman emperor to do so ) .
@ 2 in ) thick .
I 'm as good an athlete as a lot of guys in the NFL , if not better .
On June 6 , 2000 , Hed PE appeared on the tribute album Nativity in Black II , covering Black Sabbath 's " [UNK] [UNK] " .
According to the 2015 census , the population of the city was 1 @,@ 780 @,@ 148 , making it the second most populous city in the Philippines .
The film was well received by critics , although with the occasional caveat .
He even composed songs that were performed by other entertainers throughout the empire .
Osbert was opposed to the election of William fitzHerbert as Archbishop of York and supported William 's rival and successor Henry Murdac .
The French demanded a high indemnity and Francis II abdicated as Holy Roman Emperor , releasing the German states from their allegiance to the Holy Roman Empire .
NY 93 continues southward along the town line , changing names to Junction Road at an intersection with Upper Mountain Road ( CR 5 ) west of the city of Lockport .
He had an elder brother , who died young .
The head was largely buried when found ; excavations uncovered a Late Classic ( 600 – 900 AD ) offering associated with the head consisting of a ceramic vessel and a 12 @-@ centimetre ( 4 @.
It covers the eight parts of speech through illustrations drawn from classical scholars , although not directly but through other grammatical works .
The Hustler is credited with sparking a resurgence in the popularity of pool in the United States , which had been on the decline for decades .
In the autumn of 744 , he met Li Bai ( Li Po ) for the first time , and the two poets formed a friendship .
The impetus for the change came from a resident of Upper Mountain Road , who demanded that trucks should be removed from the roadway .
Early steam engines were inefficient ; the wooden steam fleet of the Royal Navy could only carry " 5 to 9 days coal " , and the situation was similar with the early ironclads .
Several were lost in accidents , and those that did see action proved to be inferior in firepower and armour to the armoured fighting vehicles of the German forces .
A more practical and influential weapon was the self @-@ propelled or Whitehead torpedo .
The age of the crater is about 3 @.
UB @-@ 4 departed on the first patrol from Flanders on 9 April , and was responsible for sinking the first ship sent down by the flotilla .
Eighth Army now ordered the US 24th Infantry Division headquarters and the US 19th Infantry Regiment to move to the Susan @-@ ni area , 8 miles ( 13 km ) south of Miryang and 15 miles ( 24 km ) east of the confluence of the Nam River and the Naktong River .
@ 2 ft ) deep and weighs 13 tons .
Two heads from San Lorenzo have traces of niches that are characteristic of monumental Olmec thrones and so were definitely reworked from earlier monuments .
@ 5 knots ( 13 @.
Most pets were killed by their owners ; some were given poison .
Museums established by educational institutions include the Mabini Shrine , the Museum of Contemporary Art and Design , UST Museum of Arts and Sciences , and the UP Museum of a History of Ideas .
The oldest campus in Sarawak , it was relocated to Bintulu in 1987 as a branch campus of the Universiti [UNK] Malaysia ( UPM ) .
In June 1991 , the Kumrovec SPU was transferred to [UNK] Peak north of Zagreb leaving Kumrovec base to the Zrinski Battalion , as well as the second special forces unit , the Frankopan Battalion .
Continued dissatisfaction with this state of affairs would ultimately lead to the gravest crisis of Nerva 's reign .
To deny a possible Spanish capture of the base , the German planners decided that the final attack to seize Gibraltar was to be made by German troops alone .
Since then , Bintulu has become the centre of energy intensive industries such as a Malaysia LNG plant , a Shell Middle [UNK] Synthesis plant , and a Bintulu combined cycle power plant .
The building was converted for use as an educational center , while retaining some of the original architectural elements .
Skip Prosser Man of the Year Award finalist ( 2010 )
Beyond the logistical nightmare of returning home so many corpses , it was felt that repatriation would conflict with the feeling of brotherhood that had developed between serving ranks .
The town is located within the boundary of Bintulu District , with a population of 183 @,@ 402 and a total area of 7 @,@ 220 @.
The revolt had been suppressed , and the Empire could return to order .
On the January 11 episode of Raw , Lesnar returned , attacking The New Day , The League of Nations ( Sheamus , King Barrett , Rusev , and Alberto Del Rio ) , and Kevin Owens , before giving an F @-@ 5 to Roman Reigns .
As a result , what Henderson interpreted as variation within species , Glassman took as differences between morphologically similar species .
@ 6 km diameter floor .
Fighters had been shipped in crates and assembled on the airfield .
The " virus of utopia " had to be stopped .
The most obvious use of pop music " accompanies and gives context to " Lester 's attempts to recapture his youth ; reminiscent of how the counterculture of the 1960s combated American repression through music and drugs , Lester begins to smoke cannabis and listen to rock music .
Once land for cemeteries and memorials had been guaranteed , the enormous task of recording the details of the dead could begin .
Another popular sport in the city are cue sports , and billiard halls are a feature in most barangays .
Upon his death he was succeeded and deified by Trajan .
Production was to begin in July 1940 , but meanwhile the War Office temporarily returned to its original order of 70 before increasing the number to 100 .
He died on March 1 , 1827 in Boston and is buried in its Granary Burying Ground .
These had left the division and were operating independently of Gazan 's command .
@ 5 @-@ inch ( 240 mm ) smoothbore Somerset Gun , which weighed 6 @.
In the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy the Type UB I boats were known as the U @-@ 10 class , which consisted of two former German Type UB I boats and three built specifically for Austria @-@ Hungary .
Small teeth that once covered the palate are lost .
Monument 2 has suffered erosion damage from its exposure to the elements prior to discovery .
Furthermore , the city is composed of 16 districts , namely : Binondo , Ermita , Intramuros , Malate , Paco , [UNK] , Port Area , Quiapo , [UNK] , San Andres , San Miguel , San Nicolas , Santa Ana , Santa Cruz , Santa Mesa and Tondo .
There , Lesnar first met future friend and manager Paul Heyman .
He became the first Dodger starter to have back @-@ to @-@ back complete game victories since Jeff Weaver in the 2005 season and the first Dodger to have double @-@ digit strikeouts in consecutive starts since Chan @-@ Ho Park in the 2000 season .
Many experts called his 2014 season one of the best pitching seasons in recent memory .
The ships had a length of 208 @.
Mendes believed the trial drew focus away from the characters and turned the film " into an episode of NYPD Blue " .
Osbert was first mentioned in the historical record between 1121 and 1128 when he appears in a charter , which although likely a forgery , probably contains an authentic witness list .
Writing in Film Quarterly , Gary [UNK] praised the actors , but said that characters such as Carolyn and Col. Fitts were stereotypes .
In each case a " T @-@ number " ( an abbreviation for Tropical Number ) and a Current Intensity ( CI ) value are assigned to the storm .
172 – 250 ) spoke of Nero in the Life of Apollonius Tyana ( Books 4 – 5 ) .
Debates flare up over his impending trial , where it will be held and under whose jurisdiction .
The [UNK] Water Services took over the west zone of which Manila is a part .
He was selected to the National League squad at the 2014 Major League Baseball All @-@ Star Game , his fourth straight selection .
The protection of the former was strengthened by the addition of a concrete wall at least 1 metre ( 3 ft 3 in ) in thickness and some of the armour removed from the turrets was used to protect the latter .
He did tie Koufax for the only Dodgers pitchers with multiple double digit strikeout games in the playoffs .
La Venta Monument 3 stands 1 @.
However , she denies and records their conversation as further proof .
The doors of the chancery — the main building of the embassy — were reportedly blown open by RPGs within two hours of the embassy 's evacuation .
In Hainan , Koni caused heavy rainfall , peaking at 189 mm ( 7 @.
While the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135 ° E and 115 ° E and between 5 ° N @-@ 25 ° N even if the cyclone has had an international name assigned to it .
On September 2 , a fleet of eight aircraft evacuated all white residents from West End , Grand Bahama , to Daytona Beach , Florida .
Tigranes , a Cappadocian noble raised in Rome , was installed by Nero as the new ruler of Armenia .
Near the Bavarian town of Wertingen , 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) northwest of Augsburg , on 8 October the 1st Regiment of dragoons , part of Murat 's Reserve Cavalry Corps , and grenadiers of Lannes ' V Corps surprised an Austrian force half its size .
In its position , D Company not only commanded the town but also its exit , the road to Miryang .
The next night on Raw , Lesnar faced off against Jeff Hardy 's brother , Matt Hardy , and defeated him in the same fashion .
Olson arranged to screen American Beauty to about 1 @,@ 000 members of the Actors Fund of America , as many participating actors were also voters .
He also proposed that the state House and Senate agree by separate votes on choices for the United States Senate , a process that would significantly reduce popular input to the choice .
Three changeups away .
It overhung the stern and increased the overall length of the ships to 219 @.
It is also known as Bintulu Gas @-@ To @-@ Liquid plant ( Bintulu GTL ) .
By the end of April five more Type UB I boats had become operational .
Some enemies contain bonus items .
Vertebrae and limb bones are poorly developed , ribs and fingers are absent in the early stages , and the [UNK] and ischium are entirely absent through most of development .
Du Fu 's conscientiousness compelled him to try to make use of it : he caused trouble for himself by protesting the removal of his friend and patron Fang Guan on a petty charge .
By the end of the year , reports of a critical backlash suggested American Beauty was the underdog in the race for Best Picture ; however , at the Golden Globe Awards in January 2000 , American Beauty won Best Film , Best Director and Best Screenplay .
Although Gore was well received by the British establishment , the work suffered from what Gore called a " tediousness of process " , and he considered requesting a transfer in 1798 .
The face is that of an ageing man with wrinkles under the eyes and across the bridge of the nose , and a forehead that is creased in a frown .
On September 2 , Kershaw picked up his 200th strikeout of 2013 , joining Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax and Don Drysdale as the only starters in Dodgers history with at least 4 consecutive seasons of more than 200 strikeouts .
In Buenos Aires it was the most popular show at Velez Stadium , with a total attendance of more than 160 @,@ 000 for four consecutive sold @-@ out concerts .
@ 34 ERA in six starts and was awarded his second National League Pitcher of the Month Award .
The reviewer said that Emile [UNK] had made the improbable story more plausible .
Bintulu Division was formerly a Bintulu District under the jurisdiction of Miri Division .
Two of the German submarines — UB @-@ 1 and UB @-@ 15 — were sold to Austria @-@ Hungary and commissioned into the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy as U @-@ 10 and U @-@ 11 , respectively .
The remainder account for either nine species or more than 40 .
He said that they had written over 30 songs , some during the writing process of Vol .
The latter group eventually circulated a petition which stated that either the [UNK] would have to be taken down , or those members who wanted it would have to leave .
Other primitive [UNK] include [UNK] and [UNK] .
One hundred thousand soldiers on the high seas in a multitude of transports converged on Gibraltar .
The first , who sang and played the cithara or lyre and whose face was similar to that of the dead emperor , appeared in 69 during the reign of Vitellius .
Failing in frontal infantry attack to reduce the little defending force , the North Koreans now meant to take it under mortar fire .
The Commission only commemorates those who have died during the designated war years , while in Commonwealth military service or of causes attributable to service .
The current Mayor of Manila is Joseph Estrada , who served as the President of the Philippines from 1998 @-@ 2001 .
The fact that Steiner is Jewish made this speech in particular even more contentious .
He was directed by John Tiffany and starred alongside Ben Whishaw , Shane Zaza , Harry Kent , Fraser Ayres , Sophie Stanton and Dominic Hall .
It was low in both personnel and equipment — Chief of Staff Cathal Goulding told Seán Keenan and Paddy Doherty in August 1969 that he " couldn 't defend the [UNK] .
It weighs 11 @.
@ 80 km ) from the crossing site .
Nero was criticized as being obsessed with personal popularity .
The feature was designed using the principle of [UNK] .
Former player Ronald Nored agrees : " We know everything we need to about our opponents , all their tendencies are broken down " ahead of time .
Ted Petoskey preceded [UNK] as an All @-@ American end on the University of Michigan football team .
It was a traditional Conservative synagogue , and from that time until the 1990s it was the only synagogue in Eugene .
These names were contributed to a list of a 140 names submitted by the fourteen members nations and territories of the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee .
@ 5 in ) near Dagupan .
The ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser plant is the anhydrous ammonia and granular plant operated by ASEAN Bintulu Fertiliser Sdn Bhd ( [UNK] ) , which is partly owned by Petronas .
@ 737 metres ( 5 ft 8 @.
The team beat Illinois @-@ Chicago 66 – 50 and Cleveland State 70 – 55 to claim the league 's tournament title and an automatic bid to the 2008 NCAA tournament .
The naming of these first specimens was disputed , however .
To this effect , he requested the Voice of America and BBC broadcast announcements that the forces were present only to evacuate the embassy and would not interfere in the conflict .
In assessing the battle and its aftermath , historians have laid the blame and credit for its outcome not only on Mortier and Gazan : " Napoleon , aware of Mortier 's danger and his own culpability for it , vented his frustration on Murat , whom he unjustly accused of abandoning Mortier for the empty glory of riding through Vienna . "
, Lesnar received his third shot at Angle in as many months when he faced the champion in a sixty @-@ minute Iron Man match for the title .
( See Shoemaker ( lunar crater ) , for example . )
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars ( Kristen Bell ) as she deals with life as a college student while moonlighting as a private detective .
After decades of resistance , the non @-@ violent People Power Revolution ( predecessor to the peaceful @-@ revolutions that toppled the iron @-@ curtain in Europe ) , ousted the authoritarian Marcos from power .
In May 1996 , the National Gallery took on loan Velázquez 's Innocent X portrait and hung it alongside four Bacon paintings ; Head VI , Pope I ( 1951 ) , Pope 1961 and Pope 1965 .
They then see someone getting arrested by the campus police for a fake debit card .
The Olmec colossal heads are at least seventeen monumental stone representations of human heads sculpted from large basalt boulders .
The 2nd Division numbered 6 @,@ 000 .
Metzstein wanted to include this shot to further emphasize the " bigger on the inside than the outside " nature of the time machine .
@ 1 @-@ inch ( 460 mm ) armament of the Japanese Yamato class of World War II .
By this time , [UNK] had become a common and widespread component of semiaquatic ecosystems .
Bintulu police have been cracking down on gangster activities in the town .
On the third day of fighting , 14 August , the Northern Ireland Government mobilised the Ulster Special Constabulary ( B @-@ Specials ) , a force greatly feared by nationalists in Derry and elsewhere .
He had committed to Texas A & M University , but turned down the scholarship offer to sign with the Dodgers , with a bonus estimated at $ 2 @.
Ricky and Jane find Lester 's body , while Carolyn breaks down crying in the closet .
Despite this , it was decided that it was essential for some Tetrarchs to be produced , and it was suggested that they be brought in at the end of the light tank program .
She was already married when she became Nero 's mistress in 65 AD , with [UNK] 's husband being driven to suicide in 66 , so Nero could marry [UNK] .
Lesnar was born in Webster , South Dakota , on July 12 , 1977 .
This crater was named after Ernest Henry Shackleton , an Anglo @-@ Irish explorer of Antarctica from 1901 until his death in 1922 .
Now fully in the town of Lockport , NY 31 and NY 93 proceed northeast through an open area of the town as a four @-@ lane divided highway .
Manila lies 800 miles ( 1 @,@ 300 kilometers ) from mainland Asia .
He was the city 's mayor for 3 terms ( 9 years ) before being termed out of office .
By 1901 almost all new battleships used Krupp armor , though the U.S. continued to use Harvey armor alongside until the end of the decade .
Participants from across Northern Ireland and Britain marched along the city walls above the [UNK] , and were often openly hostile to the residents .
Tiridates was forced to come to Rome and partake in ceremonies meant to display Roman dominance .
On April 4 , 2007 , he became the head coach after Todd [UNK] left to coach the Iowa Hawkeyes .
Writer Steven Moffat stated that he wanted an " epic " quality to the Christmas special .
In later life , he considered himself to belong to the capital city of Chang 'an , ancestral hometown of the Du family .
The clade including [UNK] and [UNK] was named [UNK] .
Operation Ironclad was under the command of Major General Robert G. Sturges and consisted of No.
On 25 May 1916 , UB @-@ 8 was officially transferred to Bulgaria for the remainder of the war .
The Sharpless epoxidation is specific to [UNK] alcohols , the Jacobsen epoxidation requires cis @-@ disubstituted aryl alkenes , and the Juliá epoxidation requires α @-@ β unsaturated ketones .
Josepha [UNK] [UNK] is an [UNK] @-@ speaking Indigenous Australian , born around 1945 or 1953 at the Santa Teresa Mission , near Alice Springs in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Kauffmann strongly praised the principal cast , calling Newman " first @-@ rate " and writing that Scott 's was " his most credible performance to date . "
This was followed by a string of economic reforms intended to alleviate the burden of taxation from the most needy Romans .
On 1 July 2015 , Amos returned to Bolton Wanderers following his release from Manchester United , signing a four @-@ year contract with the club .
@ 2 % , 69 @,@ 782 ) , followed by Chinese ( 25 @.
NCAA Division I All @-@ American ( 1999 , 2000 )
Later , Nero ordered the exile of Fabricius [UNK] who slandered the Senate in a book .
Furthermore , he was a trusted member of Archduke Charles ' staff .
IGN calculated an average reviewer score of 7 @.
Tiberius died , allowing him to escape these charges .
It improved upon its predecessor , the Mk [UNK] Light Tank , by introducing the extra firepower of a 2 @-@ pounder gun .
Throughout Guangdong , Imbudo destroyed 595 @,@ 000 houses and caused eight deaths .
Above the cut @-@ off frequency the image impedance is imaginary ,
The tanks were ordered to outflank the defences and advance further into the island , and they were soon joined by two other Tetrarchs dispatched from the beaches ; the small force continued to advance until it encountered the Vichy French main line of defence .
While promising that " the album 's gonna be miles above the first one , " Taylor explained that it is " more melodic and darker " .
Gore himself was elected to its board in 1785 , when he also became a shareholder .
[UNK] – local Indian tracker and independent witness at the trial ; previously the search party 's guide who had abandoned them when they insisted on entering uncharted regions of the jungle , he continued tracking them from a distance before revealing himself .
These changes increased their overall length to 213 @.
He also noted the game 's various puzzles and their use in the game , explaining that " [ e ] ven if the ideas are not original , the way they are strung together to accelerate the pace to overload is nothing short of breath @-@ taking . "
Following landfall , Kujira transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on April 25 , which persisted until crossing the International Dateline towards the end of April 2003 .
Sarah pleads with Eddie to leave with her , saying that the world he is living in and its inhabitants are " perverted , twisted , and crippled " ; he refuses .
The next day , the JMA and the JTWC both classified the system as a tropical depression .
Scenes that were included in the shooting script but did not make it into the final film include a scene at Ames pool hall establishing that Eddie is on his way to town ( originally slated to be the first scene of the film ) and a longer scene of Preacher talking to Bert at Johnny 's Bar which establishes Preacher is a junkie .
Typically , cemeteries of more than 40 graves contain a Cross of Sacrifice designed by architect Reginald Blomfield .
After the end of the 2009 – 10 season , Brad Stevens and Butler continued to attract considerable attention .
Construction of the Bintulu airstrip was started in 1934 under the direction of C. W. Bailey , a Works and Building Inspector for the British Royal Air Force ( RAF ) .
However , ultimately any effects in the archipelago associated with Kujira remained minimal .
The British never laid down enough Devastation @-@ class ' battleships ' to instantly overwhelm Cherbourg , Kronstadt or even New York City with gunfire .
@ 80 km ) south of B Company 's higher position .
Larger barangays have covered courts where [UNK] leagues are held every summer ( April to May ) .
After some deliberation Nerva adopted Trajan , a young and popular general , as his successor .
Buddy ends the affair , fearing an expensive divorce .
Bintulu / [UNK] / ( Chinese : [UNK] ; pinyin : [UNK] ; Pe ̍ h @-@ ōe @-@ jī : [UNK] @-@ to ͘ [UNK] ͘ ) is a coastal town on the island of Borneo in the central region of Sarawak , Malaysia .
The danger from plunging shells at long distances was not appreciated until the fatal magazine explosions of three British battlecruisers during the 1916 Battle of Jutland graphically demonstrated the point .
Ships designed for coastal warfare , like the floating batteries of the Crimea , or USS Monitor and her sisters , dispensed with masts from the beginning .
The album also debuted at number one on the Latin Pop Albums chart for the week ending 22 October , becoming Arjona 's fifth album to do so .
In The Selected Poems of Du Fu , Burton Watson follows the [UNK] quite strictly , persuading the western reader to adapt to the poems rather than vice versa .
The North Koreans withdrew from the Masan area first , the night of September 18 – 19 .
The city is also the site of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines , the largest university in the country in terms of student population .
@ 84 metres ( 9 @.
The lower @-@ class , slaves , [UNK] of the arena and the theater , and " those who were supported by the famous excesses of Nero " , on the other hand , were upset with the news .
He had a guest role in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002 .
The spools have the form of a rounded square with a circular sunken central portion .
In 2006 Boulter starred in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill .
The head was discovered by Matthew Stirling in 1946 , face down in a gully to the south of the principal mound .
Bacon had already used similar forms in his Chicago panel , and they were to become a feature of his most acclaimed 1950s works , especially in his " screaming popes " .
Hall was recommended to Mendes by Tom Cruise , because of Hall 's work on Without Limits ( 1998 ) , which Cruise had executive produced .
He became fascinated with the veil or curtain as a motif in painting , and collected many reproductions of works by Titian and Degas in which it is employed .
Kershaw was 0 – 3 and had a 2 @.
It disrupted a meeting of Londonderry Corporation in March 1968 and in May blocked traffic by placing a caravan that was home to a family of four in the middle of the Lecky Road in the [UNK] and staging a sit @-@ down protest at the opening of the second deck of the Craigavon Bridge .
In some cases soldiers were buried in collective graves and distinguishing one body from another was not possible and thus one headstone covers more than one grave .
Ambassador Bishop requested an evacuation of the American community on 1 January , indicating that the evacuation could be with the planned Italian , French , or German evacuation efforts , but preferred an evacuation by the US military .
On August 19 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm [UNK] to the east of Taiwan .
Ironclads were also used from the inception of the Imperial Japanese Navy .
@ 7 km ) northeast of Masan , preparing for movement to the port of Pusan ; the US 27th Infantry Regiment of the 25th Division which had arrived at Masan only the night before at 20 : 30 to relieve the 5th Regimental Combat Team , which was then to join the 24th Division in the Taegu area ; and the US 19th Infantry Regiment of the US 24th Infantry Division , then with that division 's headquarters at Kyongsan southeast of Taegu .
Under the American rule following the Spanish – American War , the United States changed the official language from Spanish to English and made some changes in education , local laws and urban planning .
@ 1 billion ( US $ 253 million ) .
The article entitled War Graves : Work of Imperial Commission : Mr. Kipling 's Survey was quickly republished as an illustrated booklet , Graves of the Fallen .
There were initially several circulations , with a tropical upper tropospheric trough to the northeast increasing outflow .
In March 1942 , a Gibraltarian , José Key , one of the most prominent agents working for the Germans , responsible for the collection of information on military movements for the Abwehr was arrested and executed in Wandsworth Prison in late 1942 .
He adapts Velázquez 's positioning of the pope to place him above the viewer 's point of view , elevating and distancing him .
In 1995 , he was named the sectional MVP and was the leading scorer in state sectional play ( 32 @.
Although he wrote in all poetic forms , Du Fu is best known for his [UNK] , a type of poem with strict constraints on form and content , for example :
All were armed with various smoothbore and some rifled guns .
A pair of rotating gunpowder @-@ propelled catapults were fitted on the sides of the hull , forward of the aft superstructure where they partially restricted the arc of fire of the two amidships turrets .
and her future husband Richard Aldington .
The Commission is currently responsible for the continued commemoration of 1 @.
Another prominent member of Nero 's entourage was Vespasian , an old and respected general who had celebrated military triumphs during the 40s .
Churchill placed Gibraltar under the command of General Eisenhower as the temporary headquarters for this , the first large @-@ scale Anglo @-@ American operation of the war .
Yuan Zhen was the first to note the breadth of Du Fu 's achievement , writing in 813 that his predecessor , " united in his work traits which previous men had displayed only singly " .
The head was discovered by a magnetometer survey in 1994 ; it was found buried , lying face upwards in the bottom of a ravine and was excavated by Ann [UNK] .
Generally , each level is divided into an overland part and a dungeon , such as the Maharajah 's palace or the temple in which the Great Duck Treasure resides .
The division had numbered 17 @,@ 498 on September 1 , but was in excellent position to attack despite its casualties .
Butler 's success against teams with superior athletes has been attributed to Stevens ' coaching style and calm demeanor .
Dick shows Logan a sex tape of Piz and Veronica that has been circulating in an email .
The snatch squads soon became a common feature of army arrest operations .
Somali employees of the embassy — known as foreign service nationals ( FSNs ) — could not be evacuated .
From 21 : 30 until shortly after midnight the NK 9th Division crossed the Naktong at a number of places and climbed the hills quietly toward the 9th Infantry river line positions .
This version included an album @-@ only video , entitled " Independiente " .
Bintulu is represented by Bintulu parliamentary seat ( P. 217 ) in the Parliament of Malaysia .
In March 1917 , UB @-@ 6 ran aground in Dutch waters and was interned for the rest of the war , along with her crew .
Caligula , his wife [UNK] and their infant daughter Julia Drusilla were murdered on 24 January 41 .
The venues are as follows :
The UPM campus is currently located 13 km ( 8 mi ) away from the town centre , occupying 715 ha ( 1 @,@ 767 acres ) , which can accommodate up to 2 @,@ 200 students .
Maurice Harris joined Husbands @-@ Hankin as associate rabbi in 2003 , and served until 2011 , when he was succeeded by Boris Dolin .
Dragoon Division under command of Louis Klein .
A shot where Lester and Ricky share a cannabis joint behind a building came from a misunderstanding between Hall and Mendes .
To promote Independiente , Arjona embarked on his Metamorfosis World Tour .
Operation USA was part of the International Campaign to Ban [UNK] in 1997 when it won the Nobel Peace Prize .
The American carriers were spread out and it was very late in the day to launch an airstrike , so Admiral William Halsey , commander of the Third Fleet decided to mass his carriers in a position to attack the following morning .
Rossen filmed The Hustler over six weeks , entirely in New York City .
Nero praised her during the funeral eulogy and gave her divine honors .
During their 1930s modernization , the boilers on each ship were replaced by eight new Kampon oil @-@ fired boilers , fitted into the former aft boiler room , and the forward funnel was removed .
There , he was roommates with future WWE colleague Shelton Benjamin , who was also his assistant coach .
[UNK] .
At the conclusion of the finals series , the winner of two awards were announced .
In the Russian novel War and Peace , Leo Tolstoy devoted several pages to the battle , its prelude , and its aftermath , and the delivery of its news to the Tsar by Prince Andrew .
@ 92 metres ( 3 @.
Other museums in the city are the Museum of Manila , the city @-@ owned museum that exhibits the city 's culture and history , Museo [UNK] , a children 's museum , the Museum of Philippine Political History , which exhibits notable political events in the country , the Parish of the Our Lady of the Abandoned and the San Agustin Church Museum , which houses religious artifacts , and Plaza San Luis , a public museum .
”
Stevens planned to live in a friend 's basement and took a job at Applebee ’ s to pay the bills .
Ultimately , Butt said that " [ y ] [UNK] players will instantly be enthralled by Donald 's quest " and that " [UNK] is everything a cartoon game should be and more . "
The vast majority of burial sites are pre @-@ existing communal or municipal cemeteries and parish churchyards located in the United Kingdom , however the Commission has itself constructed approximately 2 @,@ 500 war cemeteries worldwide .
These first three boats launched underwent trials in home waters , but most of the other members of the class were shipped via rail and underwent trials at their assembly point .
Hugh Durham Award for Mid @-@ major Coach of the Year finalist ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 )
[UNK] [UNK] was recognised as a distinct species by Michael [UNK] and coauthors ; Glassman and [UNK] and Dransfield concurred , but Henderson considered it part of A. speciosa .
In addition , strong winds caused widespread power outages .
6 could not elevate to the full + 43 degrees deemed necessary for the long @-@ range engagement anticipated by the IJN .
Estimates of the time span during which colossal heads were produced vary from 50 to 200 years .
I think it 's a unique way of looking at the game that may be able to help best communicate to your players " , he explains .
The annual rainfall of the Bintulu region is about 3 @,@ 750 mm ( 148 in ) annually .
As with his single " Señora De Las Cuatro [UNK] " ( on 1994 's Historias ) , at first he never thought to include the song on an album . "
And to a considerable extent T. S. Eliot and his followers have carried on their operations from positions won by the Imagists . "
According to Tacitus , Agrippina hoped that with her support , Britannicus , being the blood son of Claudius , would be seen as the true heir to the throne by the state over Nero .
The advanced elements of the battalion joined 1st Battalion at 17 : 00 September 2 .
All had two bow torpedo tubes and two torpedoes , and were equipped with a deck @-@ mounted machine gun .
Other high spots included robust returns in Argentina , Greece , and Turkey .
Seneca succeeded in having himself , Pallas and [UNK] acquitted .
The system moved westward but never intensified , dissipating west of Luzon on September 19 .
The hurricane moved across the state , passing near Tampa before moving into Georgia and dissipating .
Tropical activity once again declined towards the second half of June and first half of July .
The three Type UB I boats of the Constantinople Flotilla seem to have patrolled primarily in the Black Sea .
The powerful Spanish Numancia participated in the Battle of Callao but was unable to inflict significant damage to the Callao defences .
[UNK] Beccari , an Italian botanist , visited Bintulu in 1867 .
Nero returned to Rome and spent the evening in the palace .
One important step was to press the powder into pellets , allowing a slower , more controlled explosion and a longer barrel .
On the regimental left along the main Pugong @-@ ni @-@ Changnyong road North Korean soldiers completely overran C Company by 0300 September 1 .
As the new century opened , Austin was still the serving British Poet Laureate , a post which he held up to 1913 .
The diary reveals that the map , when dipped in water , will reveal the location of the Great Duck Treasure .
In 1970 it was transported to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York for the museum 's centenary exhibition .
On April 24 , WWE announced on WWE.com that both parties had reached a settlement .
The Bulldogs got off to a good start , jumping out to a 12 – 1 lead and a 35 – 25 halftime advantage .
American Beauty follows a traditional narrative structure , only deviating with the displaced opening scene of Jane and Ricky from the middle of the story .
She was given a state funeral .
The Killing Fields ( film ) ( Hollywood & Cambodia )
In this action , Sergeant First Class Charles W. Turner of the Reconnaissance Company particularly distinguished himself .
First seen in drab colors that reflect his passivity , Lester surrounds himself with red as he regains his individuality .
Family [UNK]
The 2010 Claxton Shield was contested between five teams from around Australia .
NY 93 exits Akron a short distance south of the junction , at which point the route heads into another area of open fields while retaining the Buell Street name .
An AC @-@ 130 was sent from Saudi Arabia to provide gunfire support during the evacuation and two UH @-@ 1 Iroquois helicopters were on standby to provide gunfire support , but were not deployed .
Bintulu is connected to Miri and Sibu by the Pan Borneo Highway .
Considering the works of Suetonius were published under Nerva 's direct descendants Trajan and Hadrian , it would have been less than sensitive of him to suggest the dynasty owed its accession to murder .
American paleontologist Ermine Cowles Case called it [UNK] vera or " true [UNK] " .
In these scenes , the rose symbolizes Lester 's desire for her .
He resumed his law practice , in which he took on as a student Daniel Webster .
@ 62 mi ) to the north of the modern village of Tres [UNK] .
Fidel ( film ) ( Hollywood for Showtime )
After 71 Nerva again disappears from historical record , presumably continuing his career as an inconspicuous advisor under Vespasian ( 69 – 79 ) and his sons Titus ( 79 – 81 ) and Domitian ( 81 – 96 ) .
@ 62 in ) .
The system dissipated at 0000 UTC on November 5 .
Schmitt arrived at dusk , and the action continued well after dark ; in mid @-@ November night falls at close to 17 : 00 in the upper Danube climes .
The typhoon first affected the Ryukyu Islands of Japan .
It became his fifth straight all @-@ star selection , joining Sandy Koufax and Fernando Valenzuela as the only Dodgers pitchers to accomplish that feat .
In pursuing the Austrian retreat from Bavaria , Mortier had over @-@ extended his three divisions along the north bank of the Danube .
the chancery and [UNK] buildings ( the two " [UNK] " buildings where the evacuees were held )
Hitler states that he was not the originator of evil . "
The reports generated considerable discussion in the press which ultimately led to a heated debate in Parliament on 4 May 1920 .
During the night Schmitt established radio communication with the 1st Battalion , 9th infantry .
The T @-@ number and CI value are the same except for weakening storms , in which case the CI is higher .
@ 83 metres ( 6 @.
A bronze longsword , blade down , is embedded on the face of the cross .
[UNK] , while pollination in A.
@ 5 to 13 @.
Claudius died in 54 and Nero , taking the name Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus , was established as Emperor .
In the other , the guns could be placed on a rotating platform to give them a broad field of fire ; when fully armored , this arrangement was called a turret and when partially armored or unarmored , a barbette .
During this time , palaeontologists considered [UNK] to be amphibians because they possessed three main features : gill arches in juvenile skeletons , indicating they were amphibious for at least the first part of their lives ; ribs that do not connect at the underside of the rib cage ; and deep pits in the skull that were interpreted as space for mucous glands .
In the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy , it was called the U @-@ 10 class .
1932 to follow Saunders Settlement Road between Shawnee Road ( NY 425 ) and Upper Mountain Road .
Lim was sued by councilor Dennis [UNK] on 2008 over human rights , charged with graft over the rehabilitation of public schools , and was heavily criticized for his haphazard resolution of the Rizal Park hostage taking incident , one of the deadliest hostage crisis in the Philippines .
The Mediterranean U @-@ boat Campaign lasted approximately from 21 September 1941 to May 1944 .
Calvo himself was put under arrest by the Spanish police and neutralized .
On the July 7 edition of SmackDown , it was announced that Lesnar would be facing the returning Randy Orton at SummerSlam .
While sailing rigs were obsolescent for all purposes by the end of the 1880s , rigged ships were in service until the early years of the 20th century .
Anker believes the preceding scene — Jane 's discussion with Ricky about the possibility of his killing her father — adds further mystery .
Lesnar had previously cost Undertaker the title in a match against then @-@ champion Kurt Angle , which granted him a shot at Lesnar 's title .
In his book The Lives of the Twelve Caesars , Suetonius describes Nero as " about the average height , his body marked with spots and malodorous , his hair light blonde , his features regular rather than attractive , his eyes blue and somewhat weak , his neck over thick , his belly prominent , and his legs very slender . "
The city has several well @-@ known sports venues , such as the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex and San Andres Gym , the home of the now defunct Manila [UNK] .
The two main approaches to synthesis of N @-@ H , N @-@ alkyl , and N @-@ [UNK] are oxidation of [UNK] with [UNK] ( A ) and amination of carbonyls ( B ) .
One Direction delivered a performance of " Kiss You " , in front of a video game @-@ themed set , on the final of the ninth series of The X Factor UK on 10 December 2012 .
Imbudo maintained peak winds for about 12 hours , before undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle .
On the Japanese island of Iriomote @-@ jima , where wind gusts reached 204 km / h ( 127 mph ) .
West Valley City , Utah .
The end of the poem describes how Eliot has attempted to help the world as a poet .
As of October 2012 , the tour has been performed for close to one million people in more than eight countries .
His influence was helped by his ability to reconcile apparent opposites : political conservatives were attracted by his loyalty to the established order , while political radicals embraced his concern for the poor .
Each boat was broken into approximately fifteen pieces and loaded on to eight railway flatcars .
This in turn reduces the muzzle velocity of the weapon and can also endanger the gun crew .
When Thomas first viewed the scene with his wife , she emitted an audible groan when she saw Logan walking through the cafeteria towards Piz , anticipating the fight that was about to come .
Isaac [UNK] – an 18 @-@ year @-@ old boy and witness at the trial ; he is the son of Isaac [UNK] senior , former member of the search party killed earlier in a skirmish in São Paulo ; he joined the party to avenge his father 's death .
Both aft magazines were flooded to douse the resulting fire and save the ship .
@ 62 metres ( 720 ft 6 in ) and the beam was slightly reduced to 31 @.
The temperature at this site is also more favorable than at more equatorial latitudes as it does not experience the daily temperature extremes of 100 ° C when the Sun is overhead , to as low as − 150 ° C during the lunar night .
He claimed that he would radio soldiers to shoot down the helicopters if the operation continued .
Wisconsin 's offense protested to officials , who " prowled the Wolverines secondary but never caught their man . "
Christoph Freiherr von [UNK] ( 1753 – 1824 ) , who had knowledge of the local geography .
Since the bulk of the Navy remained loyal to the Union , the Confederacy sought to gain advantage in the naval conflict by acquiring modern armored ships .
The project ended up costing $ 6 million , of which $ 4 million had been raised .
Spacey was surprised ; he said , " I usually play characters who are very quick , very manipulative and smart .
In the late 1980s , there was increasing rebellion against the rule of Somali President Siad Barre , a military dictator who maintained tight control of power and had a record of human rights abuses .
@ 4 million USD ) in damage .
According to the Talmud , Nero went to Jerusalem and shot arrows in all four directions .
Head VI is closely modelled on Velázquez 's c .
It was first published in September 1942 after being delayed for over a year because of the air @-@ raids on Great Britain during World War II and Eliot 's declining health .
Inside the Rock of Gibraltar itself , miles of tunnels were excavated from the limestone .
The An Lushan Rebellion began in December 755 , and was not completely suppressed for almost eight years .
" It 's been a little overwhelming , because I 'm a pretty simple guy , " he added .
Traditional Chinese literary criticism emphasized the life of the author when interpreting a work , a practice which Burton Watson attributes to " the close links that traditional Chinese thought posits between art and morality " .
He was the 8th Dodger pitcher to win the award , the first since Éric Gagné in the 2003 season .
In 2006 , Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts .
@ 47 metres ( 4 @.
After WrestleMania , Lesnar turned his attention to John Cena , who had returned from injury in February 2003 and who had been F @-@ [UNK] into a ringpost in the same manner Angle had been .
@ 7 million USD ) in damage .
@ 2 ft ) high ; it measures 1 @.
<formula>
The storm was farther away from Nassau , where winds reached 61 mph ( 98 km / h ) .
@ 5 inches ( 1 @.
@ 35 metres ( 4 @.
It became extratropical on November 5 and dissipated the next day near southern Japan .
He also established a trading challenge to the already rich House of [UNK] Dula in Tondo .
Carroll and Rossen 's screenplay was selected by the Writers Guild of America in 2006 as the 96th best motion picture screenplay of all time .
The vandalism of Commission cemeteries has also been connected to the participation of Commonwealth countries in contemporary conflicts .
@ 63 metres ( 5 @.
This force was unable to reach C Company , but Jenson collected stragglers from it and seized high ground astride this main approach to Changnyong near [UNK] 'o @-@ ri above Lake [UNK] , and went into a defensive position there .
He spends a lot of time analyzing opponents using statistical analysis , adding new wrinkles to his team 's play each game .
William died a week after his return to York , however , and Osbert , along with Robert of Ghent , the Dean of York , secured the quick election of the new archbishop , Roger de Pont L 'Évêque .
Throughout the course of the day , Nangka continued to strengthen as it accelerated northeast , and peaked in strength with a barometric pressure of 985 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.
Another transformation of high synthetic utility is asymmetric epoxidation .
In 2015 UPM was ranked 41st in the UI @-@ [UNK] World University rankings .
The first ironclad battleship , Gloire , was launched by the French Navy in November 1859 .
Image theory defines quantities in terms of an infinite cascade of two @-@ port sections , and in the case of the filters being discussed , an infinite ladder network of L @-@ sections .
@ 3 knots ( 26 @.
In 1861 , the Sultanate of Brunei ceded the Bintulu region to Brooke .
A lack of gliders prevented their participation in the Allied invasion of Sicily in 1943 ; instead they were attached to the new 6th Airborne Division and became part of the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment .
The start of the 1880s saw the end of sailing rig on ironclad battleships .
Her promise was fulfilled after Britannicus consumed it at a dinner party from water used to cool his wine , which had already been tasted , and succumbed within minutes .
Possible fragments of additional colossal heads have been recovered at San Lorenzo and at San Fernando in Tabasco .
The Guardian noted , " Ben Whishaw and Robert Boulter offer tenderness amid the savagery . "
The band 's lyrics draw from a number of subjects , including the existence of extraterrestrial life , criticism of organized religion , the 9 / 11 Truth movement , cannabis use and sexual intercourse .
Consisting of nine uniformed personnel and one Australian Public Service member under the command of Squadron Leader Simon Bartlett , the squadron formed part of No.
11 and 20 Squadrons became the RAAF 's only offensive weapon against the Japanese .
NY 31B continued on , intersecting several local highways before crossing into Onondaga County and terminating at an intersection with NY 5 in the town of Elbridge .
By this time , the US 2nd Infantry Division suffered 1 @,@ 120 killed , 2 @,@ 563 wounded , 67 captured and 69 missing during its time at Pusan Perimeter .
For the week ending 2 June 2012 , Independiente returned again to number one .
Sir Edwin Lutyens furthered his long @-@ standing working relationship with horticulturist Gertrude Jekyll , whose devotion to traditional cottage garden plants and roses greatly influenced the appearance of the cemeteries .
Plans to transport a tank went through a number of revisions , but , by May 1941 , the feasibility of a 5 @.
On the night of 10 – 11 November a Russian column under [UNK] 's command began its passage through the narrow canyons , intent on arriving at Dürenstein by noon ; two more columns , under [UNK] and Schmitt , moved in wider semicircles , planning to pass through the mountains and attack the French , who were extended along the river bank .
Despite riots from the people , Nero supported the Senate on their measure , and deployed troops to organise the execution of 400 slaves affected by the law .
NY 93 was realigned to follow the new bypass south to Robinson Road , where it turned east and followed Robinson Road ( CR 123 ) and [UNK] Road ( CR 133 ) to Akron Road in Royalton .
Furthermore , the shadowed polar regions are believed to contain the frozen water necessary for human consumption and could also be harvested for fuel manufacture .
One of No.
Tax revenue accounts for 46 % of the city 's income in 2012 .
He was promoted to a full @-@ time assistant coaching position for the 2001 – 02 season .
Entering the 2006 Major League Baseball ( MLB ) draft , Kershaw was considered the top high @-@ school pitcher available .
The average annual value of $ 30 @.
Concern for them in Gibraltar mounted as the air raids against London intensified , coupled with the arrival of harrowing letters , describing the circumstances in which the evacuees were living .
Kershaw also became just the second [UNK] to have a 240 @-@ plus strikeouts in a season before the age of 24 , joining Vida Blue .
He made his only appearance on 31 October in a 2 – 1 defeat against Barnsley .
[UNK] had been Indianized since the sixth century CE and earlier .
Throughout January 17 the tropical storm would again oscillate in strength , resulting in a brief downgrade by the JTWC to tropical depression intensity .
Since the genera can only be distinguished on the basis of their male flowers , the existence of intermediate flower types and the existence of hybrids between different genera has been used as an argument for keeping them all in the same genus .
The most dramatic attempt to compromise these two extremes , or ' squaring this circle ' , was designed by Captain Cowper Phipps Coles : HMS Captain , a dangerously low freeboard turret ship which nevertheless carried a full rig of sail , and which subsequently capsized not long after her launch in 1870 .
His return match was scheduled to be at UFC 141 on December 30 in Las Vegas against former Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair [UNK] .
Between the Ulm capitulation and the Austrian and Russian defeat at Austerlitz , there were other minor achievements : a successful skirmish between the cavalry that escaped from Ulm and the French near the town of Nördlingen , the contested victory at Dürenstein , and another within days at [UNK] .
Although several naval battles determined control of the seas , the outcome of the war was decided on the continent , predominantly in two major land operations in the Danube valley : the Ulm campaign in the upper Danube and the Vienna campaign , in the middle Danube valley .
In 1992 , Ball became preoccupied with the media circus around the Amy Fisher trial .
At this point , [UNK] 's column appeared behind the French line and joined the battle .
After a growth spurt and further development of his pitches , he established himself as an elite high school prospect in 2006 when he posted a 13 – 0 record with an earned run average ( ERA ) of 0 @.
Miller argues that although some may be over familiar , there is a parodic element at work , " making good on [ the film 's ] encouragement that viewers look closer " .
Napoleon arrived to take personal command of close to 80 @,@ 000 men .
Hed PE signed with Jive Records , releasing their self @-@ titled debut album in 1997 .
So we fulfilled that dream , but it was also probably the worst thing that could have happened .
Jim Phelan National Coach of the Year Award finalist ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 )
The structure and organization of the tropical cyclone are tracked over 24 hours to determine if the storm has weakened , maintained its intensity , or strengthened .
David Jeffries of Allmusic gave the album a mildly positive review , citing Arjona 's return to his more mainstream style after the " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " Poquita Ropa .
Eamonn McCann wrote that " the Derry [UNK] , under Martin McGuinness , had managed to bomb the city centre until it looked as if it had been hit from the air without causing any civilian casualties . "
It was designed by series production designer Michael Pickwood , who stated that the new interior was also supposed to be " darker and moodier " and provide an easier access to the " gallery " of the ship when shooting .
There was very little crime .
The stapes likely evolved from the [UNK] of lobe @-@ finned fishes .
In February 1942 , the Short Empires operated by Nos.
Rainfall there peaked at 727 mm ( 28 @.
The glass enclosure of his 1949 Chicago Study for a Portrait is often seen as prophesying photographs of Adolf Eichmann 1961 trial before a Jerusalem District Court , when he was held within a similar cage .
The [UNK] were connected with the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty through the marriage of [UNK] [UNK] 's brother Octavius [UNK] , and [UNK] Bassa , the great @-@ granddaughter of Tiberius .
Blackout ( 2003 )
Locally , each of the city 's barangays also have their own festivities guided by their own patron saint .
For weakening systems , the CI is held as the tropical cyclone intensity for 12 hours , though research from the National Hurricane Center indicates that six hours is more reasonable .
The Ise @-@ class battleships ( [UNK] , Ise @-@ gata senkan ) were a pair of dreadnought battleships built for the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during World War I.
He had several football cards produced of him during his time with the Vikings .
Operation USA collaborated with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the US National Laboratories at Lawrence Livermore and Los Alamos to develop new approaches to land mine detection , is a member of InterAction , and is an [UNK] news partner .
In 2000 Boulter had a guest @-@ starring role on the television series The Bill ; he portrayed " Scott Parry " in the episode , " In Safe Hands " .
Convection rebuilt around the center , with continued favorable conditions allowing for restrengthening .
In its initial stages , the depression tracked slowly northeastwards .
Punishment , in the words of Eamonn McCann , " as often as not consisted of a stern lecture from Seán Keenan on the need for solidarity within the area . "
In Isabela , high winds wrecked most of the banana crop and severely damaged other crops .
@ 2 @-@ millimetre ( 3 @.
The park was constructed as an honor and dedication to the country 's national hero José Rizal , who was executed by the Spaniards on charges of subversion .
The decision may have been hasty so as to avoid civil war , but neither the Senate nor Nerva appears to have been involved in the conspiracy against Domitian .
The storm moved very closely along the track it took several days prior .
In June 2008 , AFI released its " Ten top Ten " — the best ten films in ten " classic " American film genres — after polling over 1 @,@ 500 people from the creative community .
approaches zero , while keeping k at its initial value .
Originally , [UNK] were classified according to the structure of their vertebrae .
According to the Daily Mail , their " energetic rendition " of " Kiss You " proved that the group have an elusive quality .
Etau formed an eye and became a large storm by the time it approached Okinawa on August 7 .
But the number of killed and wounded within the perimeter was growing , and supplies were diminishing .
McCarthy cited the production and costume design as pluses , and said the soundtrack was good at creating " ironic counterpoint [ s ] " to the story .
Outside of Warren Corners , the route heads across rural areas along the Cambria – Lockport town line .
In 1943 a British Court of Inquiry investigated the crash of Sikorski 's Liberator II [UNK] , but was unable to determine the probable cause , finding only that it was an accident and the " aircraft became uncontrollable for reasons which cannot be established " .
Other prominent educational institutions include the Manila High School and the University of the City of Manila .
On June 26 , 2007 Stone Sour released a special edition version of the album , it included six previously unreleased tracks and a bonus DVD which featured three music videos and a complete live performance of the band in Moscow .
SM UB @-@ 3 ( as U @-@ 9 )
The percussion instruments included tablas , bongos , cymbals , piano , xylophones , and marimbas ; also featured were guitars , flute , and world music instruments .
@ 8 in ) , which broke the hourly and daily record for the station in November .
Largely following Glassman 's lead , [UNK] [UNK] and John Dransfield recognised 67 species in their 2005 World Checklist of Palms .
SM City San Lazaro was constructed on the site of the former San Lazaro Hippodrome .
Ermita is Manila 's most air polluted district due to open dump sites and industrial waste .
The Doctor , still despondent after losing his former companions Amy Pond and Rory Williams , has parked his TARDIS above Victorian London among the clouds .
In 2011 , he was once again sidelined due to diverticulitis and underwent surgery .
Clayton Edward Kershaw ( born March 19 , 1988 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Lesnar returned on the June 17 episode of Raw , attacking Heyman 's fellow client CM Punk with an F @-@ 5 .
@ 6 metres ( 5 @.
Bristol was chosen because it had Victorian @-@ era architecture .
@ 4 km ) prior to curving southward at an intersection with [UNK] Road ( CR 122 ) .
The men were caught , pleaded guilty , and were convicted .
Ball said the script 's mix of comedy and drama was not intentional , but that it came unconsciously from his own outlook on life .
Little Gidding is the fourth and final poem of T. S. Eliot 's Four Quartets , a series of poems that discuss time , perspective , humanity , and salvation .
Eighth Army had in reserve three understrength infantry regiments and the 2 @-@ battalion British 27th Infantry Brigade which was not yet completely equipped and ready to be placed in line : The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade at Changwon , 6 miles ( 9 @.
On 11 October Callaghan and Young visited Free Derry , and on 12 October the first military police entered the [UNK] , on foot and unarmed .
@ 5 miles ( 2 @.
A few days later , Stevens reiterated that he was very happy at Butler and had no intentions to leave as long as he had the support of the university to continue running the program the " right way " .
This was the first Christmas special to be filmed in BBC Wales ' new Roath Lock studios .
The building block of constant k filters is the half @-@ section " L " network , composed of a series impedance Z , and a shunt admittance Y.
Direct literary models were available from a number of sources , including F. V. Dickins 's 1866 Hyak nin is [UNK] , or , Stanzas by a Century of Poets , Being Japanese Lyrical Odes , the first English @-@ language version of the Hyakunin isshu , a 13th @-@ century anthology of 100 waka , the early 20th @-@ century critical writings and poems of Sadakichi Hartmann , and contemporary French @-@ language translations .
The CWGC 's work is funded predominantly by grants from the governments of the six member states .
Like the British , the French navy saw little action with its ironclads ; the French blockade of Germany in the Franco @-@ Prussian War was ineffective , as the war was settled entirely on land .
The requirement for speed meant a very long vessel , which had to be built from iron .
Another cluster of colleges lies along the southern bank of the Pasig River , mostly at the Intramuros and Ermita districts , and still a smaller cluster is found at the southernmost part of Malate near the border with Pasay such as the private co @-@ educational institution of De La Salle University , the largest of all De La Salle University System of schools .
Despite rather favorable conditions , the initial tropical depression did not intensify significantly and degenerated into a remnant low on August 18 .
In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in the episode " Teddy 's Story " of the television series The Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi .
Nerva had seen the anarchy which had resulted from the death of Nero ; he knew that to hesitate even for a few hours could lead to violent civil conflict .
Bede 's commentary on [UNK] calls him a " vir [UNK] et Prudentia insignis , [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] " ( a man notable for his prudence , devotion and learning ) .
In February there was a large explosion in the North Tunnel , and in April a bomb blew up near the airfield .
The single marked Arjona 's return to his signature , mainstream sound after the Cuban music influenced Poquita Ropa 's lead single " Puente " , a mixture of salsa and merengue which failed to make an impact in the United States .
A platoon of infantry went into position behind it .
The Undertaker
[UNK] palms was correlated with canopy openness ; the species also dominates savannas formed by repeated forest fires in Trinidad and Tobago .
20 Squadron 's final wartime sortie was a patrol on 14 August 1945 .
"
The North Koreans at one place had crossed at the [UNK] ferry , captured Agok , and scattered A Company , 9th Infantry at its positions from Agok northward .
In the aftermath of Typhoon [UNK] , the lack of infrastructure led to one of the worst [UNK] in the Philippines and creating a significant amount of pollution .
Where ZiΠ faces ZiΠ the section so formed is a T section .
A competing turret design was proposed by the British inventor Cowper Coles with a prototype of this installed on HMS Trusty in 1861 for testing and evaluation purposes .
Gun attacks on the British Army increased .
Afterwards Linfa began reintensifying and reached its peak intensity on May 29 with maximum sustained winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) and a barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.
Order was usually quickly restored and the city returned to the business of trade .
Chad sent a delegation of two athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China : [UNK] [UNK] , who competed in the men 's 100 meters , and [UNK] Albertine [UNK] , who competed in the women 's 100 meters and also bore the Chadian flag during ceremonies .
Boats of this design were also operated by the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy ( Kaiserliche und Königliche Kriegsmarine or K.u.K.
Allmusic 's Rob Theakston wrote that " Back 2 Base X suffers from the same problems as Amerika : it tries to be conceptual in thought à la Tool and vicious in its political commentary à la Fugazi or System of a Down , but somehow falls short by sounding like an angry stoner on a soapbox .
In early November the catapults were removed from both ships , and they loaded troops and munitions later that month .
The majority of the North Korean troops had been killed , captured or deserted .
The Philippine Ports Authority is government agency responsible to oversee the operation and management of the ports .
Roger Ebert , echoing earlier praise for the performances , direction , and cinematography and adding laurels for editor Dede Allen , cites the film as " one of those films where scenes have such psychic weight that they grow in our memories . "
According to a MTV News article , the number was released digitally in the United States on 17 November 2012 .
Ken Sachs ( The Finger ) — keyboard ( 1994 – 1996 )
On 8 November 1942 , 466 aircraft from Gibraltar landed on captured North African airfields .
1 Temnospondyli , 2 [UNK] , 3 [UNK] , 4 [UNK] , 5 [UNK] , 6 [UNK] , 7 [UNK] , 8 [UNK] , 9 [UNK] , 10 [UNK] , 11 [UNK] , 12 [UNK] , 13 [UNK] , 14 [UNK]
Ball was not keen on the more well @-@ known directors because he believed their involvement would increase the budget and lead DreamWorks to become " nervous about the content " .
@ 0 in ) in Ilan County .
Farmers in Texas , also affected by a major hurricane , requested growers in Florida wait 15 days so they could sell their citrus crop that fell .
Like the killing of Cusack and Beattie the previous year , Bloody Sunday had the effect of hugely increasing recruitment to the IRA , even among people who previously would have been ' moderates ' .
The infantry brigades advanced toward [UNK] without the squadron , but eventually two Valentines and a single Tetrarch were dispatched in support , catching up with the lead elements of the infantry near the town of [UNK] .
Donald then returns to the South Pole , hitching a ride on one of Pete 's bird minions to reach the diary .
Manila 's healthcare is also provided by private corporations .
There is also a technical school located 15 km ( 9 mi ) away from the town , near Tanjung [UNK] , occupying 20 ha ( 49 acres ) of land .
Earlier aquatic tetrapods and tetrapod ancestors differ from [UNK] like [UNK] in that their skulls were also built to withstand tension .
Some of the country 's oldest schools are founded in Intramuros , these are the University of Santo Tomas ( 1611 ) , Colegio de San Juan de [UNK] ( 1620 ) , and Ateneo de Manila University ( 1859 ) .
@ 38 m ) and heavier .
Butler finished the year ranked # 2 in the Coaches ' Poll , the highest ranking in school history .
The selectivity of some [UNK] may be drastically improved in some cases with the addition of coordinating groups alpha to the [UNK] ring as [UNK] 3b and 3c in the table above .
Thanks to superior short @-@ range firepower , the Japanese fleet came off better , sinking or severely damaging eight ships and receiving serious damage to only four .
GameRankings , an aggregator for video game reviews , assigned the game a score of 77 % based on 2 reviews .
This explosion propels the shot or shell out of the front of the gun , but also imposes great stresses on the gun @-@ barrel .
Of his poetic writing , nearly fifteen hundred poems have been preserved over the ages .
@ 1 % ) .
Stevens called timeout and Butler regained the lead on its next possession , stopping the run .
On the weekend of February 18 — following American Beauty 's eight nominations for the 72nd Academy Awards — the film grossed $ 11 @.
Danube fleet of fifty boats , under the command of Frigate Captain [UNK] .
Kershaw made his fifth straight opening day start in 2015 , the first Dodgers pitcher to do so since Hall of Famer Don Sutton started seven in a row from 1972 through 1978 .
After releasing three albums on Jive Records , Hed PE left the label to record independently , eventually signing with Suburban Noize Records in 2006 .
AFI 's 10 Top 10 - # 6 Sports Film
@ 03 metres ( 29 ft 8 in ) .
@ 40 ha ) property at [UNK] Portland Street .
On July 9 , PAGASA classified a system as Tropical Depression Falcon , off the west coast of the Philippines .
The division sailed for Singapore on 30 December and Vice Admiral Kiyohide Shima transferred his flag to the light cruiser Ōyodo on arrival there the following day .
Turrets 2 , 3 , and 5 were built with imported 6 @-@ metre ( 19 ft 8 in ) Bausch & Lomb rangefinders .
With guns of such size there was no prospect of hauling in the gun for re @-@ loading , or even re @-@ loading by hand , and complicated hydraulic systems were required for re @-@ loading the gun outside the turret without exposing the crew to enemy fire .
Midway through June , Kershaw had amassed 32 career victories , a 3 @.
The film concludes with Jack and Mary .
This was followed by a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre .
Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released in May 2012 ; " Te Quiero " in July 2012 , and " Si Tu No [UNK] " in November 2012 .
Unlike in the Philippines , however , Kujira would bring significant rainfall to Taiwan .
As they approached Stein , a column of [UNK] 's troops attacked the French forward positions .
On August [UNK] the 2nd Division moved E Company south to a reserve position in the 9th Infantry sector .
Within highly conductive conditions , the disturbance quickly organized and became classified as a tropical depression at 0000 UTC the following day .
They longed for his rule once he was gone and embraced imposters when they appeared :
He had intended to play in 1949 with the Yankees , but suffered a knee injury in a practice session for the August 1949 Chicago College All @-@ Star Game .
On July 19 , at the 2016 WWE Draft , Lesnar was drafted to Raw .
In so doing , Stevens became the sixth head coach in NCAA history to reach 50 wins in 56 games or fewer .
@ 81 metres ( 9 ft 3 in ) at full load as a result of the reduction in the displacement by over 2 @,@ 000 tonnes ( 2 @,@ 000 long tons ) to 40 @,@ 444 tonnes ( 39 @,@ 805 long tons ) .
Du Fu 's popularity grew to such an extent that it is as hard to measure his influence as that of Shakespeare in England : it was hard for any Chinese poet not to be influenced by him .
On August 29 , the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Dujuan , and that day PAGASA began issuing advisories on Tropical Storm [UNK] .
Wooden agreed , saying , " I enjoy watching [ Stevens ] and very much enjoy [ Butler 's ] style of play . "
While it resembles a CDO pattern , it is rarely seen .
By the end of 7 June , two Tetrarchs had been lost to enemy action , one destroyed by a German self @-@ propelled gun and the second by hitting a mine .
A gun battle ensued in which a young Provisional IRA officer , Eamonn Lafferty , was killed .
HMS Warrior is today a fully restored museum ship in Portsmouth , England
These Games were her first , and she was the youngest Australian equestrian competitor .
As Burton Watson remarks in The Selected Poems of Du Fu , " There are many different ways to approach the problems involved in translating Du Fu , which is why we need as many different translations as possible " ( p. [UNK] ) .
This cross was designed to imitate medieval crosses found in churchyards in England with proportions more commonly seen in the Celtic cross .
@ 5 in ) and the side armour to 17 millimetres ( 0 @.
The basic [UNK] condition is found in many primitive tetrapods , and is not unique to one group of [UNK] .
Note – Ranks given for track events are within the athlete 's heat only
Throughout the FSM , damage totaled about $ 1 @.
Stevens was given a one @-@ year contract extension at the conclusion of the season .
The Manila Storm are the city 's rugby league team training at Rizal Park ( Luneta Park ) and playing their matches at Southern Plains Field , [UNK] , Laguna .
The Bintulu combined cycle power plant was started in early 2010 with a capacity of 317 megawatts .
Bintulu also has Syariah Subordinate Court , located at Tanjung [UNK] , whose area of jurisdiction covers Bintulu District and [UNK] districts .
Boulter starred as " Darren " , in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur .
Hed PE left Jive Records , releasing their fourth studio album , Only in Amerika , on Koch Records on October 19 , 2004 .
Fifty years later , the boy has grown up to be Dr. Walter Simeon , proprietor of the Great Intelligence Institute .
In fact , the new embassy was located further inland and , after receiving updated information , task force commanders determined that a beach landing , requiring troops to fight their way across the city , was too risky .
The organization flew " the first international relief airlift to Cambodia since 1975 " , delivering medicine to Phnom @-@ Penh .
The convection diminished near the center , causing [UNK] to become extratropical on September 30 .
Satō [UNK] , a Japanese Navy admiral and military theorist , speculated that conflict would inevitably arise between Japan and at least one of its two main rivals .
There was a discussion in the Senate on the misconduct of the freedmen class , and a strong demand was made that patrons should have the right of revoking freedom .
20 Squadron aircraft , along with four from No.
He was also elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1814 .
Most have been dated to the Early Preclassic period ( 1500 – 1000 BC ) with some to the Middle Preclassic ( 1000 – 400 BC ) period .
Maslin agreed ; she said that while it " takes aim at targets that are none too fresh " , and that the theme of nonconformity did not surprise , the film had its own " corrosive novelty " .
Within the poem , the narrator meets a ghost that is a combination of various poets and literary figures .
He then brutally beat Angle while McMahon watched , and celebrated with him afterwards , turning heel in the process .
He trialled several versions of the opening ; the first edit included bookend scenes in which Jane and Ricky are convicted of Lester 's murder , but Mendes excised these in the last week of editing because he felt they made the film lose its mystery , and because they did not fit with the theme of redemption that had emerged during production .
The convection was disorganized in association with multiple circulation centers , although it gradually organized .
Lesnar has been managed by Paul Heyman throughout the majority of his professional wrestling career .
By the autumn of that year he was in financial trouble , and sent poems begging help to various acquaintances .
In 1806 Gore won election to the State Senate .
One of the five Austro @-@ Hungarian boats was sunk and another mined and not repaired .
At the 5 : 32 mark , Syracuse got a rare fast break opportunity that ended with a dunk and 54 – 50 lead .
The superior Italian fleet lost its two ironclads , Re d 'Italia and Palestro , while the Austrian unarmoured screw two @-@ decker SMS Kaiser remarkably survived close actions with four Italian ironclads .
Lesnar won the 2000 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I heavyweight wrestling championship his senior year after being the runner @-@ up to Stephen Neal the year prior .
Husbands @-@ Hankin has had four assistant or associate rabbis working with him .
On the [UNK] anniversary of the city 's foundation on June 24 , 1976 , Manila was reinstated by Marcos as the capital of the Philippines for its historical significance as the seat of government since the Spanish Period .
In 1952 , the congregation constructed a one @-@ story synagogue building on an almost 1 acre ( 0 @.
The subtle curves in the design , if extended , would form a sphere 1 @,@ 801 feet 8 inches ( 549 @.
The ship was valued at $ 16 million .
Du Fu 's compassion , for himself and for others , was part of his general broadening of the scope of poetry : he devoted many works to topics which had previously been considered unsuitable for poetic treatment .
The studio reluctantly agreed and showed the film to a young audience in San Jose , California .
Callaghan agreed .
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE
The following round saw South Australia clinch a position in the finals , despite finishing the round in second position .
His next two reigns were as simply WWE Champion , while his final one was as WWE World Heavyweight Champion .
John Denver
@ 2 magnitude quake in accordance to the country 's building code .
Instead , these thick stapes may have functioned to support the tissue that covers the otic notch .
Nintendo World Report recommended the game to players who like score attack games and called it the best version of Breakout released .
A small village called Agok lay at the base of Hill 94 and 300 yards ( 270 m ) from the river .
The 7 @.
The Parthians temporarily relinquished control of Armenia to Rome .
The 3rd Regiment had been left at Inch 'on , but division commander Major General Pak Kyo Sam felt the chances of capturing Yongsan were strong .
For its third week , the album fell to number three .
The Parthians began a full @-@ scale invasion of the Armenian kingdom .
Hed PE 's music is a fusion of styles ranging from hip hop , reggae , and ska to hard rock , punk , and heavy metal .
It was in the 11th century , during the Northern Song era that Du Fu 's reputation reached its peak .
On 25 September 2012 , the album received two nominations at the 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards : Album of the Year and Best Singer @-@ songwriter album .
Heyman was convinced more than anyone that Lesnar could not win , trying to talk him out of defending the title .
For thirteen non @-@ consecutive weeks it topped the Latin Pop Albums chart , and reached number one on the Mexican Albums Chart .
Here the invasion force encountered the first French defences , consisting of camouflaged trenches and pillboxes dug in along a ridge .
The 13 @,@ 000 was the number sent to Morocco , and more would have been sent had the situation there not altered . "
Later , Heyman was confirmed to be Lesnar 's agent and gave Lesnar the nickname " The Next Big Thing " .
Along the bypass , NY 93 briefly enters the city limits as it runs past several industrial facilities and intersects with Hinman Road ( CR 903 ) just ahead of a bridge over the Erie Canal .
Upon receiving this report the battalion commander requested permission by radio to remain in his present position and try to obstruct the movement of North Korean reinforcements and supplies .
The main road bent south along the east bank of the river to Pugong @-@ ni and then turned northeast to Changnyong .
Bishop Eusebius of Caesarea ( c .
Iron could be produced to order and used immediately , in contrast to the need to give wood a long period of seasoning .
James Garner
The British Army post at Bligh 's Lane came under sustained attack , and troops there and around the city came under fire from the IRA .
Indirectly , he wrote about the effect of the times in which he lived on himself , and on the ordinary people of China .
The turret was first used in naval combat on the USS Monitor in 1862 , with a type of turret designed by the Swedish engineer John Ericsson .
An experienced officer and excellent tactician , he might well have made a more effective Chief of the Quartermaster General Staff of the Coalition Army at the Battle of Austerlitz than his eventual replacement , Franz von Weyrother .
Steinberg had stated that he could have retired on royalties from the many parodies made of the painting , had they been paid , a motivation for his eventual copyright lawsuit for the Moscow on the Hudson use .
The face is that of an ageing male with the forehead creased in a frown , wrinkles under the eyes , sagging cheeks and deep creases on either side of the nose .
The rugged surfaces of bones may have supported blood vessels , which could transfer carbon dioxide to the bones to neutralize acidic build up in the blood ( early semiaquatic tetrapods would have had difficulty expelling carbon dioxide from their bodies while on land , and these dermal bones may have been an early solution to the problem ) .
His principal matter of concern was the enforcement of U.S. neutrality with respect to the French Revolutionary Wars .
Bacon cautiously avoided seeing the original , even when he spent three months in Rome in 1954 .
[UNK] include larger [UNK] like [UNK] .
Originally , the horticultural concept was to create an environment where visitors could experience a sense of peace in a setting , in contrast to traditionally bleak graveyards .
Boulter starred as " William " in the 2007 production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke .
Even Lester 's transformation only comes about because of the possibility of sex with Angela ; he therefore remains a " willing devotee of the popular media 's exaltation of pubescent male sexuality as a sensible route to personal wholeness " .
Caudillo " evokes " the image of some friends " Arjona had at college ; he asserted that he " appears constantly there because sometimes we transform ourselves into a contradiction of all those things we fought in those moments .
Iron hulls suffered quick fouling by marine life , slowing the ships down — manageable for a European battlefleet close to dry docks , but a difficulty for long @-@ range ships .
After the First Battle of Naktong Bulge , the US Army 's 2nd Infantry Division was moved to defend the Naktong River line .
Winter estates on the island , however , were better built and little damaged .
Schmied sees Head VI as a reaction against Velázquez , and a commentary on how the papacy is " obsolete and decayed " , with a pope resistant to both modernisation and secularisation .
In 1984 , the broadcaster Melvyn Bragg asked Bacon about the still , and observed that in his earlier career the artist seemed preoccupied with the physicality of the human mouth .
In 2009 , Lesnar signed an endorsement deal with [UNK] Nutrition .
Veronica and Wallace speak to a mechanical engineering professor , who says that it would be impossible for Weevil to be the culprit .
In 2006 , Hed PE signed with Suburban Noize Records , recording their fifth studio album , Back 2 Base X.
He continued to rely largely on friends and advisors that were known and trusted , and by maintaining friendly relations with the pro @-@ Domitianic faction of the Senate , he incurred hostility which may have been the cause for at least one conspiracy against his life .
@ 6 metres ( 21 ft 8 in ) wide at the its aft end .
Some sources , though , portray him as a competent emperor who was popular with the Roman people , especially in the east .
Rivalry of the Year ( 2015 ) – vs The Undertaker
Rookie of the Year ( 2008 )
Tropical Storm Linfa developed as a tropical depression just off the western coast of Luzon on May 25 .
A number of design faults of the Tetrarch were revealed through its operational use .
Guys , in 2008 .
These paintings are undertaken with red , blue and orange dots that represent the fruit at different stages in its development .
While near peak intensity , the center of Dujuan passed about 45 km ( 30 mi ) south of the southern tip of Taiwan .
After six days the residents took down the barricades and RUC patrols resumed , but tensions remained high over the following months .
Du Fu 's seemingly negative commentary on the prized horse paintings of Han Gan ignited a controversy that has persisted to the present day .
Norman Hammond argues that the apparent stylistic differences of the monument stem from its unfinished state rather than its late production .
Since the 15th century the local inhabitants practiced viticulture and the wine producers formed St. Paul [UNK] ' Guild in 1447 , the oldest such guild in the German @-@ speaking world .
Increased shear weakened the typhoon to tropical storm strengthen on June 19 , and later that day the JMA declared the storm as extratropical near the Oki Islands .
His ERA of 2 @.
@ 2 ft ) and weigh between 6 and 50 tons .
In addition , the vast palace which Domitian had erected on the Palatine Hill , known as the Flavian Palace , was renamed the " House of the People " , and Nerva himself took up residence in Vespasian 's former villa in the Gardens of Sallust .
Head I ( actually begun in the winter of 1948 ) and Head II show formless pieces of flesh that broadly resemble human heads ; they have half @-@ open eyes and a pharynx , though it is positioned much higher than would be expected in a human .
For the plastic @-@ bag footage , Mendes used wind machines to move the bag in the air .
The route to the dockyard was lined by British troops and the coffins carried and escorted by Polish Servicemen .
The elder Kershaw remarried after his divorce from Marianne and died in 2013 .
F. B. Pinion believed that the fourth section of the poem costs " Eliot more trouble and vexation than any passage of the same length he ever wrote , and is his greatest achievement in the Four Quartets . "
Leading scorer Gordon Hayward was sidelined with lower back pain , but the team still won 74 – 69 .
Mendes insisted on two weeks of cast rehearsals , although the sessions were not as formal as he was used to in the theater , and the actors could not be present at every one .
Three species are present in the Caribbean — two in Trinidad and Tobago , along the southern edge of the region , and one in Haiti .
The Imagists rejected the sentiment and [UNK] typical of much Romantic and Victorian poetry , in contrast to their contemporaries , the Georgian poets , who were generally content to work within that tradition .
During his time on the board the bank tightened its regulations on loan repayments , a move that improved the stability of its capital .
When Eddie is ready to play , he agrees to Bert 's terms , deciding that a " 25 % slice of something big is better than a 100 % slice of nothing " .
[UNK] was released to mostly positive reviews from video game journalists .
He wore No.
Interestingly , the migrating substituent is determined by a [UNK] effect where the group trans to the lone pair on the nitrogen will always be the predominant migration product .
@ 9 ft ) high by 2 @.
Best was a 19 @-@ year @-@ old local man who was home on leave from the British Army at his parents ' house in the [UNK] .
Spacey obliged , eventually coming up with 35 phrases , but Bening could not always keep a straight face , which meant the scene had to be shot 10 times .
Glassman doubted the validity of A.
Meanwhile , 5 miles ( 8 @.
Sometime during the reign of Titus ( 79 – 81 ) , another impostor appeared in Asia and sang to the accompaniment of the lyre and looked like Nero but he , too , was killed .
Tacitus writes that the roots of the conspiracy led by Gaius Calpurnius Piso began in this year .
He is one of the [UNK] of The Open Letter Concerning Religion and Science From American Rabbis , part of the Clergy Letter Project which " encourages and embraces the teaching of evolution in schools " .
The Warrior 's Armstrong guns also had the virtue of being lighter than an equivalent smoothbore and , because of their rifling , more accurate .
On the following episode of SmackDown !
Mendes offered Bening the role of Carolyn without the studio 's consent ; although executives were upset at Mendes , by September 1998 , DreamWorks had entered negotiations with Spacey and Bening .
After a short distance , the highway went through an isolated area of homes , where it intersected with CR 14 and CR 15A .
He says capturing the moment was when he realized that there was " an entire life behind things " ; he feels that " sometimes there 's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can 't take it ... and my heart is going to cave in . "
Nero was not expected to become Emperor because his maternal uncle , Caligula , had begun his reign at the age of 24 with enough time to produce his own heir .
A lighter alternative to the turret , particularly popular with the French navy , was the barbette .
However , he was added to the roster to replace Nationals pitcher Max Scherzer , who was unavailable due to pitching the Sunday before the game .
Martin McGuinness , who in August 1969 had helped defend the barricades , initially joined the Officials , but a few months later left to join the [UNK] .
Fats agrees to continue after Bert labels Eddie a " loser . "
As the nominations for the 72nd Academy Awards approached , a frontrunner had not emerged .
The British Army erected barricades around the Free Derry area to prevent marchers from reaching the city centre .
Both Gloire and HMS Warrior were examples of this type .
She loved Keats and cigars .
A Royal Armoured Corps report issued in December 1942 stated that approximately 50 Tetrarchs were available for use .
The next day , PAGASA discontinued advisories after the typhoon exited the region .
On the February 25 episode of Raw , Lesnar once again attempted to attack McMahon , only to get into a brawl with the returning Triple H , which resulted in Lesnar legitimately having his head split open and requiring eighteen stitches .
In 2012 , Globalization and World Cities Research Network listed Manila as a global city .
Hours after Ambassador Bishop 's visit to Central Command , Iraq invaded Kuwait .
In these species , the shape and proportions of skull bones change in the early stages of development .
In so doing , Stevens broke the coaching record he had tied the prior week and Butler completed an 18 – 0 undefeated conference schedule .
His college career was interrupted by World War II service , and his high school career was also affected by the war due to the MHSAA 's cancellation of state championships in all sports in 1943 .
Oregon , Clemson , and Wake Forest were all said to be interested in offering Stevens multi @-@ million dollar contracts to leave Butler . "
An [UNK] is an organic molecule that features a three @-@ membered [UNK] containing oxygen , nitrogen , and carbon .
Geological formation from the Oligocene period is found in the inland area , which contains limestone , siltstone , and sandstone .
For instance , the spark power @-@ up lets Kirby break through otherwise indestructible blocks , and the needle lets Kirby hit spikes once without losing a life .
The flat backs of many of the colossal heads represented the flat bases of the monumental thrones from which they were reworked .
The number of leaves per individual varies from about three to thirty @-@ five ; larger plants tend to have more and longer leaves .
In the early 20th century the first Eastern European Jews settled there , and by the 1920s Eugene 's Jewish community began gathering prayer quorums for holding Friday night and Jewish holiday services in individuals ' homes .
At 22 : 30 the fog lifted and Kouma saw that a North Korean pontoon bridge was being laid across the river directly in front of his position .
Its prime responsibility in early 1942 was maritime reconnaissance as far as New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , and New Caledonia ; the latter half of the year saw a greater focus on night bombing .
In the Philippines , Nepartak produced strong winds , heavy rainfall , and rough seas .
The French and German navies adopted the innovation almost immediately , with licenses being given for the use of the ' Wilson System ' of producing fused armor .
The NK 2nd Division , concentrated in the Sinban @-@ ni area west of the river , had , in effect , attacked straight east across the river and was trying to seize the two avenues of advance into Changnyong above and below Lake U @-@ p 'o .
Later , [UNK] and [UNK] , some well adapted to terrestrial life , also fed on land .
The fact that the shoot tips of [UNK] seedlings are underground it likely to contribute to their fire @-@ tolerance .
He was survived by his wife and two sons , who remained in the area for some years at least .
Whenever the country hosts the Southeast Asian Games , most of the events are held at the complex , but in the 2005 Games , most events were held elsewhere .
At 2100 UTC on October 28 , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) began issuing advisories on the depression , giving it the local name [UNK] .
@ 14 seconds , placing seventh in the heat ahead of Tuvalu 's [UNK] [UNK] ( 11 @.
The Rizal Memorial Sports Complex houses the Rizal Memorial Track and Football Stadium , the Baseball Stadium , Tennis Courts , Memorial Coliseum and the Ninoy Aquino Stadium ( the latter two are indoor arenas ) .
Its personnel at the beginning of December numbered 14 officers and 118 men .
The seasonal and agricultural cycles and river levels needed to have been taken into account to plan the production of the monument and the whole project may well have taken years from beginning to end .
Independiente opens with " Lo Que Está Bien Está Mal " , a Latin pop song and the only track composed by Dan Warner instead of Arjona ( who wrote the lyrics ) . "
Critics praised the song for its production , calling it a stand @-@ out track on Take Me Home .
They charged up William Street against the [UNK] , followed by the ' [UNK] ' .
Thus , k is the characteristic impedance , Z0 , of the transmission line that would be formed by these infinitesimally small sections .
Bintulu was a small fishing village when Rajah James Brooke acquired it in 1861 .
He was invited to throw the ceremonial first pitch before the Chicago Cubs vs. Florida Marlins game in Chicago on May 10 . "
[ ... ] I usually wade in dark , sort of treacherous waters .
[UNK] and A.
By the end of the 19th century , most of what are today regarded as [UNK] were placed in the suborder [UNK] .
The crater is named after Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton .
John Jay traveled to London in 1794 and negotiated the Jay Treaty , whose ratification Gore vocally supported .
He spent the next four years living in the Luoyang area , fulfilling his duties in domestic affairs .
On 1 May 1944 , the sisters were transferred to Rear Admiral Matsuda Chiaki 's reformed Fourth Carrier Division of the 3rd Fleet .
It 's not just get better defensively , it is , if we give up 3 less baskets a game , then we will be at 40 percent field goal percentage defense which will be top 20 in the country " .
The eye pattern utilizes the coldness of the cloud tops within the surrounding mass of thunderstorms and contrasts it with the temperature within the eye itself .
Despite feeling that it was " enjoyable " , she noted that " the story feels truncated and rushed "
He also became the second fastest wrestler to win the WWE Championship since his debut ( 126 days ) behind only Ric Flair ( 113 days ) .
Gore used the bank for most of his personal deposits , but also drew on lines of credit for as much as several thousand dollars .
While Yamashiro was laid down later that year , the IJN lacked the funding to proceed with the construction of Ise and Hyūga until the Diet authorized additional funding for the ships in July 1914 .
This tactic was totally unsuited to ramming , and the ram threw fleet tactics into disarray .
Hall was involved for one month during preproduction ; his ideas for lighting the film began with his first reading of the script , and further passes allowed him to refine his approach before meeting Mendes .
Smith said that Clara was different from her predecessor Amy Pond ( Karen Gillan ) , which allowed the audience to see a different side of the Doctor .
α @-@ [UNK] with [UNK] has been widely implemented in total synthesis .
In late 1991 , personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up another special forces unit of the HV — the Matija [UNK] Battalion based in Opatija .
When the storm moved ashore in Florida , winds reached an estimated 125 mph ( 201 km / h ) in Jupiter ; these occurred after the eye passed .
However , it is fairly clear that sportswriters of that era had a bias against Michigan .
After further diagnosis , Lesnar underwent surgery on November 16 to close a perforation in his intestine that had been leaking fecal matter into his abdomen , causing pain , abscesses , and overtaxing his immune system to the point that he contracted mononucleosis .
The head is badly damaged due to an unfinished reworking process .
[UNK] have been found to undergo rearrangement reactions via a radical mechanism when irradiated with UV light or in the presence of a single electron transfer reagent such as [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] undergo ring expansions to the corresponding lactam .
The issue of gangsters in Bintulu was first raised in 2007 by the member of parliament ( MP ) for Bintulu .
@ 3 million , which included his reported bout salaries and estimated pay @-@ per @-@ view bonuses .
Nero divorced and banished Octavia on grounds of infertility , leaving him free to marry the pregnant Poppaea .
@ 9 million , the remainder having been displaced or killed .
At the same time another division crossed the river to the east and moved west against Riesch 's position .
In the beginning of 66 , he married [UNK] [UNK] .
He had a recurring role in 2003 on two episodes of The Bill , as character " Connor Price " .
When Josepha [UNK] began painting for [UNK] Gallery in central Australia , she indicated that her name was Josepha rather than Josie , and that this was how she henceforth wished to be known ; however [UNK] 's biography is the only source that has used that version of her name .
The mixed ceramics have been dated to the San Lorenzo and Villa Alta phases ( approximately 1400 – 1000 BC and 800 – 1000 AD respectively ) .
The machine gun fire forced every man to stay in his foxhole .
The offering is believed to have been deposited long after the head was sculpted .
Critics classify Little Gidding as a poem of fire with an emphasis on purgation and the Pentecostal fire .
The headdress is in the form of a plain horizontal band .
The Duplex Drive system was invented by Nicholas [UNK] , and was designed to allow a tank to ' swim ' through water and participate in amphibious operations .
@ 82 ERA in June and was awarded with his third career Pitcher of the Month award .
Its first publication in book form , with minor revisions by Steiner , was in May 1981 by Faber and Faber in the United Kingdom — and as requested by Steiner , it was a paperback original .
The Unionists maintained their majority , firstly , by manipulating the constituency boundaries ( gerrymandering ) so that the South Ward , with a nationalist majority , returned eight councillors while the much smaller North Ward and Waterside Ward , with unionist majorities , returned twelve councillors between them ; secondly , by allowing only ratepayers to vote in local elections , rather than one man , one vote , so that a higher number of nationalists , who did not own homes , were disenfranchised ; and thirdly , by denying houses to nationalists outside the South Ward constituency .
The barricades were taken down the following morning .
Kershaw won his sixth career NL player of the week award for the week of June 1 – 7 , 2015 , when he allowed only two runs on 10 baserunners in 15 innings while striking out 18 in two starts that week .
A patrol of tanks and armored vehicles , together with two infantry squads of A Company , 9th Infantry , held a roadblock near the ferry and close to Agok .
By 18 January 2013 , the song had not been officially promoted to US radio stations .
They returned due to the popularity of Vastra and Jenny ; Moffat considered a spin @-@ off featuring them , though he did not have the time to do it .
Kirby 's Block Ball is a 1995 action video game , a spin @-@ off from the Kirby series for the Game Boy portable console .
In many respects , the turreted , low @-@ freeboard Monitor and the broadside sailer HMS Warrior represented two opposite extremes in what an ' Ironclad ' was all about .
The group was very accurate in their forecasts , with their April and August forecasts being the most accurate .
In 1948 , President Elpidio Quirino moved the seat of government of the Philippines to Quezon City , a new capital city in the suburbs and fields northeast of Manila , created in 1938 by former President Manuel L. Quezon , which was named after him .
Otho used " Nero " as a surname and [UNK] many statues to Nero .
The same monsoon trough that spawned Typhoon [UNK] also produced an area of convection to the north @-@ northeast of Guam , becoming a tropical depression on October 19 .
The tenor of his work changed as he developed his style and adapted to his surroundings ( " chameleon @-@ like " according to Watson ) : his earliest works are in a relatively derivative , courtly style , but he came into his own in the years of the rebellion .
@ 56 metres ( 5 @.
An eastward @-@ moving trough turned the storm to the northeast , bringing the track over Okinawa and Amami Ōshima on September 19 .
@ 98 metres ( 6 @.
In 1960 there were only three primary schools in Bintulu .
He was eventually replaced by ex @-@ Soulfly drummer Roy Mayorga who played on all but two tracks on the album .
The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H. was adapted for the theatre in 1982 by British playwright Christopher Hampton .
It finally dissipated on December 17 , with the pressure and winds unknown .
Head VI was the first of Bacon 's paintings to reference Velázquez , whose portrait of Pope Innocent X haunted him throughout his career and inspired his series of " screaming popes " , a loose series of which there are around 45 surviving individual works .
Facial expressions depicted on the heads vary from stern through placid to smiling .
His father , Christopher George Kershaw , was a musician and won a Clio Award for his work .
Kershaw was honored after the season with player of the year awards from both The Sporting News and Baseball America .
In 1944 , he led Arthur Hill High to the MHSAA Class A high school basketball championship ( over Kalamazoo Central High School ) , scoring 24 points , including 17 in the second half , of the championship game .
Ambassador Bishop gave the security detail clear instructions on the rules of engagement : they could only use deadly force if people came over the embassy compound 's walls with obvious hostile intent .
She was one of the few of Nero 's courtiers who survived the fall of his reign .
Lesnar then attempted to F @-@ 5 Guerrero but Guerrero reversed it into a DDT .
The North Koreans were further repulsed after the UN counterattack at Inchon , which culminated in the virtual destruction of the North Korean army .
Wanderone immediately adopted the Minnesota Fats nickname and parlayed his association with the film into book and television deals and other ventures .
When Mack was wounded early in the campaign , he was unable to take full charge of the army .
And whether or not it is the presence of a top @-@ line producer , ( hed ) pe have figured out a way to imbue their aggressive mix of heavy rock and hip @-@ hop with some serious hooks . "
@ 5 in ( 114 mm ) of wrought iron backed by 15 in ( 381 mm ) of teak , the strongest shipbuilding wood .
Following this , the band set out to record 18 tracks and work began on recording Joel Ekman 's drum tracks .
In the summer of 2011 , Lesnar announced that he was returning to action , stating , " I feel like a new man .
@ 39 seconds ) .
In addition to the D and H Company men , there were a few from the Heavy Mortar Platoon and one or two from B Company .
It measures 1 @.
In 1991 [UNK] delivered aid to Bangladesh .
Colossal Head 5 is particularly well preserved , although the back of the headdress band was damaged when the head was moved from the archaeological site .
Major General Richard Gale had initially intended for the 6th Airlanding Brigade , to which the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment was attached , to be landed first ; however , aerial photography revealed that anti @-@ glider poles had been erected in the landing zone selected for the brigade .
The aerial shots at the beginning and end of the film were captured in Sacramento , California , and many of the school scenes were shot at South High School in Torrance , California ; several extras in the gym crowd were South High students .
According to the PAGASA in its post @-@ storm report , a total of 13 people lost their lives during the storm .
The ornamentation on the surface of the skull roof also develops at this time .
[UNK] has a structure in the inner ear called the [UNK] duct , which is also seen in frogs and is associated with hearing .
Sports Illustrated calls Stevens an expert " on breaking down tape and looking at statistical trends to find opponents ' weaknesses . "
In the early 1940s , NY 93 was altered to follow North Ridge Road , U.S. Route 104 ( now NY 104 ) , and Junction Road between North Ridge and Lower Mountain Road .
Further investigation into these reactions may be required before levels of [UNK] excess become practical for large scale synthesis .
The Senate tried to pass a law in which the crimes of one slave applied to all slaves within a household .
Child labor representatives and they were on the set for the shooting of the scene .
18 .
Petoskey posted significant football accomplishments in 1926 making 1926 a significant year for himself as well .
We have twelve poems to or about Li Bai from the younger poet , but only one in the other direction .
He played my brother in Mercury Fur . "
Still the army made no move to enter the area .
During Gore 's term the principal domestic issue occupying state politics was a banking crisis stimulated by the federal policy of [UNK] trade with Great Britain and France , then embroiled in the Napoleonic Wars .
As the day passed , with ammunition down to about one clip per man and only a few grenades left and no help in sight , [UNK] decided to abandon the position that night .
On August 27 , a tropical depression developed about 520 km ( 325 mi ) northwest of Guam , which initially drifted to the southwest before turning to the northwest .
The ears are adorned with disc @-@ shaped earspools with pegs .
These buildings are mostly located along the [UNK] Street of Binondo , which are all unoccupied and can be converted into offices .
The Burnham Plan included development of the road system , the use of waterways for transportation , and beautification of Manila with the improvement of waterfronts , construction of parks , parkways and various building for various activities .
Gleason was honored as Best Supporting Actor by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures and the film was named among the Board 's ten best films of 1961 .
Cemeteries , including those of war dead , are targets for vandalism .
The 1933 Treasure Coast hurricane was the second @-@ most intense tropical cyclone to strike the United States during the active 1933 Atlantic hurricane season .
The video features scenes reminiscent of the films South Pacific , To Catch a Thief , Jailhouse Rock and Beach Blanket Bingo , as well as the iconic music videos of songs such as The Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Blue Hawaii " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " , among others .
On June 24 , 1571 , Spanish conquistador Miguel López de Legazpi arrived from New Spain ( now Mexico ) , and then exercised rule of the Spanish city of Manila as a territory of New Spain with the establishment of a city council in what today is the district of Intramuros .
This reworking of images is often explained as part of the way in which the memory of disgraced emperors was condemned posthumously ( see damnatio memoriae ) .
Stevens ended up with a school and Horizon league record 30 wins , beating several big name schools – Michigan , Texas Tech , Florida State , Ohio State – along the way .
Recently , large specimens of [UNK] gracilis were described with adaptations toward a terrestrial lifestyle , indicating that not all [UNK] were neotenic .
Archaeological investigation of Olmec basalt workshops suggest that the colossal heads were first roughly shaped using direct percussion to chip away both large and small flakes of stone .
Sails persisted on ' cruising ironclads ' for much longer .
It was the third album by Arjona to remain for more than a week at number one , after Galería Caribe ( 2000 ) and 5to Piso .
As the cultural center of the Philippines , Manila is the home to a number of museums .
The name ' Tetrarch ' was given to the Mk VII , on 22 September 1941 , on the orders of the War Office .
That evening after dark the North Koreans launched another weak attack against the position .
Champlin , however , doubts that the practice is necessarily negative and notes that some continued to create images of Nero long after his death .
The objective of the infantry brigades and their armoured support was to take control of [UNK] and a nearby town , but although the infantry landed successfully , ' B ' Squadron had more trouble ; the area of beach designated for its landing craft was blocked for several hours after a Tetrarch came loose from a landing craft and became stuck in the sand .
He uses his allies Vastra , Jenny , and Strax to keep people away from him .
Carl Falk — writing , production , programming , instruments , guitar , background vocals
The following day 500 women marched to the Republican Club offices in protest .
But getting the old man out of the jungle alive is more difficult than getting in , and their progress is further hampered by heavy thunderstorms .
That evening Sergeant Ernest R. Kouma led the patrol of two M26 Pershing tanks and two M19 Gun Motor Carriages in Agok .
They stayed in [UNK] ( in what is now [UNK] , Chongqing ) at the entrance to the Three Gorges for almost two years from late spring 766 .
In this close action Ouellette was killed .
In an interview with Revolver during the recording process vocalist Taylor talked about the differences between this album and their previous album , Stone Sour .
He is the great @-@ nephew of astronomer Clyde Tombaugh , the discoverer of Pluto .
In the mid 1920s , 20 to 30 bodies were being discovered weekly .
@ 2 @-@ inch mortar platoon to its position at the base of Hill 209 where the mortarmen prepared to set up their weapons .
Commander Corbulo responded and repelled most of the Parthian army that same year .
As of 2011 , Temple Beth Israel was the largest synagogue in Eugene .
@ 2 mph ) from 56 @,@ 498 shp ( 42 @,@ 131 kW ) and Hyūga exceeded that with 24 knots ( 44 km / h ; 28 mph ) from 63 @,@ 211 shp ( 47 @,@ 136 kW ) .
<formula>
Most of what is known of Du Fu 's life comes from his poems .
@ 5 tons .
He became the first pitcher in history to lead MLB in ERA for four consecutive years when he did so in the 2011 through 2014 seasons .
He pitched six @-@ plus shutout innings , allowing four hits , a walk , and he struck out five .
Its campaign combined traditional advertising and publicity with more focused strategies .
The band built a following with their energetic performances at local venues , and released the self @-@ financed extended play , Church of Realities .
SM UB @-@ 8 ( as U @-@ 8 )
Radar studies preceding and following the Lunar Prospector mission demonstrate that the inner walls of Shackleton are similar in reflective characteristics to those of some sunlit craters .
UB @-@ 9 was initially assigned to the Baltic Flotilla , and was joined by UB @-@ 2 and UB @-@ 5 in early 1916 .
On the left @-@ hand side , three vertical cords descend across the ear .
The Free Derry era is commemorated by the Free Derry wall , the murals of the [UNK] Artists and the Museum of Free Derry .
He has also been both a Hugh Durham Award and Jim Phelan Award finalist all three years of his career .
The roses in the vase in the Angela – Lester seduction scene symbolize Lester 's previous life and Carolyn ; the camera pushes in as Lester and Angela get closer , finally taking the roses — and thus Carolyn — out of the shot .
Kershaw made his sixth straight opening day start in 2016 as the Dodgers won 15 – 0 .
Turrets offered the maximum arc of fire from the guns , but there were significant problems with their use in the 1860s .
The head of one individual rests under the tail of another in what may be a courtship display .
Royal Dutch Shell started to establish the world 's first Shell Middle [UNK] Synthesis plant ( Shell MDS ) in 1993 .
In addition to mononucleosis , it was revealed that he was suffering from a serious case of diverticulitis , an intestinal disorder , which required surgery .
The head wears large earspools that protrude beyond the beads of the headdress .
The ' T ' -shaped lift was 12 @.
@ 4 @-@ inch ( 160 mm ) rifled guns .
UB @-@ 3 disappeared en route to Constantinople in May 1915 , but the other three arrived there by mid @-@ June .
@ 8 ft ) by 3 @.
Hall and Mendes first discussed the intended mood of a scene , but he was allowed to light the shot in any way he felt necessary .
Its instrumentation consists of piano , violin , guitars , drums and other percussion .
@ 98 metres ( 6 @.
The Austrians believed their ships to have less effective guns than their enemy , so decided to engage the Italians at close range and ram them .
@ 2 million ) , Italy ( $ 10 @.
@ 5 knots ( 45 @.
@ 1 million in damage and two deaths .
Central to everything I am and believe and have written is my astonishment ... that you can use human speech both to bless , to love , to build , to forgive and also to torture , to hate , to destroy and to annihilate . "
He was booed loudly upon being pulled from the game .
These ' breastwork monitors ' were markedly different from the other high @-@ seas ironclads of the period and were an important precursor of the modern battleship .
Boulter guest starred on a two @-@ part episode arc " Wounds " in May 2008 of the television series Waking the Dead as character " Jimmy Dearden " .
@ 4 % , Canada 10 @.
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 3 is also known as San Lorenzo Monument 3 .
The double bottom below the former positions of aft turrets was converted to hold fuel oil ; this increased the ships ' endurance to 9 @,@ 500 nautical miles ( 17 @,@ 600 km ; 10 @,@ 900 mi ) at a speed of 16 knots .
The German Kaiser Friedrich III , laid down in 1895 , was the first ship to benefit from the new ' Krupp armor ' and the new armor was quickly adopted ; the Royal Navy using it from HMS Canopus , laid down in 1896 .
Under these conditions , the estimated rate of loss from any ice in the interior would be 10 − 26 to 10 − 27 m / s .
Manila 's net income stood at ₱ 3 @.
Winds reached 110 mph ( 177 km / h ) at Governor 's Harbour , 100 mph ( 161 km / h ) on Eleuthera , and 120 mph ( 193 km / h ) on the Abaco Islands .
The situation , replied General Liddell on 19 July , " is that this is a fortress liable to heavy and immediate attack and there should be no civilians here whereas there are 22 @,@ 000 .
Napoleon also advised Mortier to secure all crossings of the Danube between Linz and Vienna .
On November 15 , 2008 , a 34 @-@ kg probe made a hard landing near the crater .
Pennington argues that American Beauty defines its characters through their sexuality .
Narrow canyons cut through the mountain , and widen into the plain below .
The concept of Nero as the Antichrist is often a central belief of [UNK] eschatology .
On Chichi @-@ jima , Typhoon [UNK] produced sustained winds of 102 km / h ( 63 mph ) , with gusts to 200 km / h ( 124 mph ) , which was the third strongest on record for the station .
Mendes gave Janney a book of paintings by Edvard Munch .
Ball rewrote Col. Fitts to delay revealing him as homosexual , which [UNK] reads as a possible " deferment of Ball 's own patriarchal @-@ incest fantasies " .
The Supreme Court has ordered that the oil depot to be relocated outside the city by July 2015 , but it failed to meet this deadline .
Blockbuster 's strategy also affected rental fees ; American Beauty averaged $ 3 @.
A committee under Frederic Kenyon , Director of the British Museum , presented a report to the Commission in November 1918 detailing how it envisioned the development of the cemeteries .
In particular , it taught a generation of naval officers the misleading lesson that ramming was the best way to sink enemy ironclads .
The work is being carried out by The War Graves Photographic Project in conjunction with the CWGC .
The head was first described by Franz Blom and Oliver La Farge who investigated the La Venta remains on behalf of Tulane University in 1925 .
View of the World from 9th Avenue ( sometimes A Parochial New Yorker 's View of the World , A New Yorker 's View of the World or simply View of the World ) is a 1976 illustration by Saul Steinberg that served as the cover of the March 29 , 1976 , edition of The New Yorker .
In the United States , Independiente was certified Latin platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for 100 @,@ 000 copies shipped .
Ezra convinces Jack to make things right and Ezra convinces the cabaret girl to leave Jack .
Chris Cooper plays Colonel Fitts , Scott Bakula plays Jim [UNK] , and Sam Robards plays Jim Berkley .
Whilst the JTWC indicated that [UNK] peaked in strength late on January 18 with 1 @-@ minute sustained winds of 60 km / h ( 37 mph ) , the JMA considered the system to have maintained the same intensity throughout its stint as a tropical storm .
There was one scheduled exception to this at the start of the season : the New South Wales Patriots ' final home series against the Perth Heat was held at Gilchrist Oval , whereas all of their other home games were held at Blacktown Baseball Stadium .
In the afternoon of September 2 Schmitt radioed 1st Battalion for an airdrop of supplies .
Constant k filters , also k @-@ type filters , are a type of electronic filter designed using the image method .
During the 1960s the leadership of the republican movement had moved to the left .
The houses of the Melanau people were built in rows on both sides of the [UNK] River , mostly furnished by Nipah and [UNK] palms .
@ 92 WHIP .
Villagers could pursue their secondary school studies at either Miri or Kuching by using small boats as there were no roads connecting Bintulu to either Miri or Kuching .
Several of the first boats underwent trials in German home waters , but the rest were assembled and tested at either Antwerp or Pola .
The urban planning of the Manila and the whole metropolis was based on the Metro Manila Dream Plan , which seeks to address the problems of Metro Manila 's urban planning and transportation .
Vastra explains Strax 's alien origin as well as her own to the officer , much to his astonishment .
She started competing in 2005 , and first represented Australia in 2006 , winning her first test in England that [UNK] 2008 , she became the youngest @-@ ever winner of the Australian national championships .
Back to the windup , and one fastball inside , one fastball away .
This episode marks the return of Jenna @-@ Louise Coleman , who previously appeared in the series opener , " Asylum of the Daleks " .
Another of the German submarines , UB @-@ 8 , was sold to Bulgaria in May 1916 , becoming Podvodnik No.
Soon , mortars emplaced on a neighboring high finger ridge eastward registered on Schmitt 's perimeter and continued firing until dark .
Other collegiate sports are still held at the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex .
The loss of four Japanese aircraft carriers during the Battle of Midway in June 1942 severely limited the ability of the IJN to provide any air cover and alternatives were sought .
It has a structural design with a rock garden courtyard , man @-@ made waterfall , and dragon fencing .
The transport of 20 of the tanks to the USSR under the Lend @-@ Lease Act depleted the number available for use by airborne forces , as did the loss of several more during Operation Ironclad , the invasion of Madagascar .
At dawn September 1 , Keiser at 2nd Division headquarters in [UNK] @-@ ni , 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Yongsan on the Miryang road , felt his division was in the midst of a crisis .
After the storm developed a large eye feature , the JTWC upgraded it to typhoon status on September 27 , although the JMA did not follow suit until the following day while near Chichi @-@ jima .
Similarities in teeth , skulls , and hearing structures link the two groups .
Synthetic resins , which are required to hold wood dust together , constituted 20 % of the total production cost of the wood panel products .
The route turns south at Cedar Street , following the residential street into downtown Akron .
The result was that there were about 2 @,@ 000 nationalist families , and practically no unionists , on the housing waiting list , and that housing in the nationalist area was crowded and of a very poor condition .
While the governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus and his troops were busy capturing the island of Mona ( Anglesey ) from the druids , the tribes of the southeast staged a revolt led by queen Boudica of the Iceni .
Instead , they opted to use frontal attack to breach the perimeter and collapse it as the only hope of achieving success in the battle .
A typical cemetery is surrounded by a low wall or hedge and with a wrought @-@ iron gate entrance .
Inland , the cyclone weakened rapidly but produced prodigious amounts of rain , causing a dam to collapse near Tampa .
Japanese forces landed in Miri on 16 December 1941 .
Mines and obstructions , however , negated these advantages — a problem the British Admiralty frequently acknowledged but never countered throughout the period .
They threw the heads into the [UNK] River , after which the heads had to be collected from the river .
Manila 's land has been altered substantially by human intervention , with considerable land reclamation along the waterfronts since the American colonial times .
It was staged in April 1982 at London 's Mermaid Theatre under the direction of John Dexter with Alec McCowen playing the part of Adolf Hitler .
Chad is a landlocked country in Africa whose northern region lies within the eastern reaches of the Sahara Desert and whose southern region lies within the eastern portion of the Sahel .
The beginning of the poem discusses time and winter , with attention paid to the arrival of summer .
In 2000 , paleontologists Adam Yates and Anne Warren produced a revised phylogeny of more derived [UNK] , naming several new clades .
The change to the present name took place in 1960 .
A supplemental chapter was added to the Imperial War Graves Commission 's charter on 7 February 1941 , empowering the organisation to collect and record the names of civilians who died from enemy action during the Second World War , which resulted in the creation of the Civilian War Dead Roll of Honour .
I wasn 't the best technician in amateur wrestling but I was strong , had great conditioning , and a hard head .
Six soldiers were wounded in the first day after internment , and shortly afterwards a soldier was killed — the first to be killed by either IRA in Derry .
[UNK] forms in the Carboniferous graded into [UNK] forms in the Permian , and finally into [UNK] in the Triassic .
The NK 9th Division had effected major crossings of the Naktong at two principal points against the US 9th Infantry ; the NK 2nd Division in the meantime had made three major crossings against the US 23rd Infantry ; and the NK 10th Division had begun crossing more troops in the Hill 409 area near Hyongp 'ung in the US 38th Infantry sector .
SM UB @-@ 6
" Enforcer " by Jim Johnston ( April 8 , 2002 – June 3 , 2002 )
The sides of the conning tower were 305 mm thick .
Col. Fitts confronts Lester and attempts to kiss him ; Lester rebuffs the colonel , who tearfully flees .
These measures are intended to prevent masonry being damaged during earthquakes or sinking into sodden ground .
It was only necessary to add more filter sections until the desired response was obtained .
The album — the first independent release by Arjona after he was signed by Sony Music in 1993 and Warner Music in 2008 — was issued by his own label , Metamorfosis .
20 Squadron had a strength of six Catalinas and two Empire flying boats .
It is the first CDM power plant in Malaysia , currently operated by Sarawak Power Generation Sdn Bhd ( SPG ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of Sarawak Energy .
Meanwhile , English is the language most widely used in education , business , and heavily in everyday usage throughout the Metro Manila region and the Philippines itself .
The system moved to the northwest due to the subtropical ridge to the northeast and later to the north .
Win the next game .
This attack , launched at 02 : 30 and heavily supported with artillery , penetrated F Company .
[UNK] were reported on the island , forcing the cancellation of several flights .
It is said that when he died in Osaka during a long travel , a copy of Du Fu 's poetry was found with him as one of a few precious items which he was able to carry around .
The fossils consist of small disks with thin membranes that are probably [UNK] membranes and halo @-@ like areas surrounding them that are most likely mucous coatings .
Independiente is Arjona 's fourth album to chart in Spain , following Adentro , 5to Piso and Poquita Ropa .
Lesnar would beat Couture via a technical knockout ( TKO ) in the second round to become the new UFC Heavyweight Champion .
While the swift transfer of power following Domitian 's death had prevented a civil war from erupting , Nerva 's position as an emperor soon proved too vulnerable , and his benign nature turned into a reluctance to assert his authority .
The track also reached the top 40 in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , the Netherlands , and South Korea .
@ 0 km ) north of where A Company had been destroyed on the southern end of the line .
Lesnar had a great showing at the NFL Combine .
The brother of President Barre , who was also a Major General and Chief of Police , showed up at the embassy in the afternoon with 25 members of his family requesting to be evacuated , but was turned away after a vocal conversation with the ambassador .
One of his favorite players growing up was former Texas Rangers first baseman Will Clark , and the main reason he wears number 22 is to honor Clark .
The film had " dazzling " debuts in Hungary , Denmark , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , and New Zealand .
Petrol storage tanks with a capacity of 76 tonnes ( 75 long tons ) were installed in the former magazine of Turret No.
Ise hosted Edward , Prince of Wales , and his aide @-@ de @-@ camp Lieutenant Louis Mountbatten in 1922 during the prince 's visit to Japan .
They established a new dynasty under the local leader who accepted Islam and became Rajah [UNK] or Tariq Sulayman I.
These methods require specific functionality in order to achieve selectivity .
Shortly after Nero 's accession to the throne in 54 , the Roman vassal kingdom of Armenia overthrew their Iberian prince Rhadamistus and he was replaced with the Parthian prince Tiridates .
In 64 AD .
On February 4 , American Beauty debuted in France and Belgium .
American Beauty was released on VHS on May 9 , 2000 , and on DVD with the DTS format on October 24 , 2000 .
Also sexually frustrated , Carolyn has an affair that takes her from " cold perfectionist " to a more carefree soul who " [ sings ] happily along with " the music in her car .
It remained in Madagascar until early 1943 , when it was shipped to India and took part in the Burma Campaign as part of 29th Brigade .
The remainder of Gazan 's division crossed the river the next morning and eventually recuperated in Vienna , which the French acquired by deception later in the month .
When feeding , they probably opened their mouths by lifting their skulls instead of lowering their lower jaws .
He later changed his mind on Twitter , and asked for the whole purse .
Nero was acclaimed in public for this initial victory .
In addition , the incidental music during the scene bears a resemblance to the Sherlock theme .
As part of its promotion , One Direction performed the song on televised programmes and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) .
As of 2010 , he still holds the records for points ( 1508 ) , assists ( 444 ) , and steals ( 156 ) , as well as the single @-@ season points record ( 644 in 1995 ) .
In addition , " Kiss You " received gold certifications from the IFPI Norway and Denmark associations , signifying collective shipments of 20 @,@ 000 units .
He shelved the play after realizing the story would not work on stage .
With decreasing wind shear and warmer waters , Parma re @-@ intensified significantly on October 29 , reaching a secondary peak of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) according to JMA , and 215 km / h ( 135 mph ) according to JTWC .
<formula>
Mendes was satisfied by the way the wall gave definition to the outline of the bag .
As the system tracked westward , it gradually moved into a more favorable environment for tropical cyclogenesis .
Before filming , Mendes and Spacey analyzed Jack Lemmon 's performance in The Apartment ( 1960 ) , because Mendes wanted Spacey to emulate " the way [ Lemmon ] moved , the way he looked , the way he was in that office and the way he was an ordinary man and yet a special man " .
The episode saw several major design changes for the series . "
The eye crossed over Okinawa , where Etau left 166 @,@ 800 people without power and caused 10 injuries .
NY 93 was realigned in the late 1970s to bypass Lower Mountain and Gothic Hill Roads on Junction and Upper Mountain roads , replacing NY 270 along Junction Road .
Youths on the roof of a high @-@ rise block of flats on Rossville Street threw petrol bombs down on the police .
Within this subtribe , [UNK] has been found to be a monophyletic group , and sister to the clade containing [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] , [UNK] and [UNK] .
Show 's attack resulted in Mysterio being carried out on a stretcher and back board and Big Show took Mysterio off the stretcher and swung the back board into the ringpost , compounding the injury .
NY 3 was realigned c .
She auditioned for the role of Clara , not Oswin from " Asylum " , as the concept of the two characters being the same only occurred to Moffat whilst casting for Clara .
Kinberg attempted to revive the Biblical concept of the " ger [UNK] " in his approach to intermarriage .
The operation did not include soldiers to handle the evacuation control center ( ECC ) , which was set up in the [UNK] .
That brings us to the reference to swimming in fire which you will remember at the end of Purgatorio 26 where the poets are found .
Because of economic constraints , only four battlecruisers and a single battleship of the Fusō class were ultimately approved by the Diet .
@ 29 inHg ) .
Chemical lights were placed in the [UNK] in a NATO " Y " pattern .
56 – 117 ) is the most detailed and comprehensive history on the rule of Nero , despite being incomplete after the year 66 .
The album was intended as a return to the basics of rock music , and did not rely as heavily on studio enhancement as previous releases .
Because We Care ( CBS Television Special )
The image impedances of the section are given by
From the Earth , it is viewed edge @-@ on in a region of rough , cratered terrain .
American Beauty is a 1999 American drama film directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball .
Match of the Year ( 2015 ) – vs The Undertaker at Hell in a Cell
Stevens made the academic all @-@ state first team and received the Straight A Gold Medal Award all four years .
One Direction performed the track on The Today Show at the Rockefeller Center on 13 November 2012 , to a record crowd estimated at 15 @,@ 000 . "
The British prepared for an overwhelming mortar bombardment of Kronstadt by the close of the Crimean War , but never considered running the smoke @-@ ridden , shallow @-@ water gauntlet straight to St. Petersburg with ironclads .
@ 54 billion in 2014 .
Lesnar was a box office sensation in UFC .
He further cites Fast Eddie Felson as one of " only a handful of movie characters so real that the audience refers to them as touchstones . "
In the introduction to his biography of Gnaeus Julius Agricola however , Tacitus speaks highly of Nerva , describing his reign as " the dawn of a most happy age , [ when ] Nerva Caesar blended things once irreconcilable , sovereignty and freedom " .
On November 4 , it was confirmed that Lesnar was suffering from mononucleosis and that his bout with Carwin would have to wait a bit longer and the fight for Lesnar 's heavyweight championship was cancelled .
On December 4 , 2010 , Kershaw married his girlfriend of seven years , Ellen Melson .
Low @-@ growing plants are chosen for areas immediately in front of headstones , ensuring that inscriptions are not obscured and preventing soil from splashing back during rain .
These [UNK] were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land .
Wagner stated the film had sufficient action and pathos without sexual suggestiveness ; which should prove a strong program for the Pathé program .
Monument A stands 1 @.
Their decision is the latter , and against Lieber 's advice ( " You must not let him speak ... his tongue is like no other " ) they prepare for a trial with a judge , prosecution and defence attorneys selected from the members of the search party .
In July , he compiled a 4 – 1 record and 1 @.
The Weser boats were capable of nearly 7 @.
At 9 : 40 , the helicopters arrived on Guam and unloaded the evacuees .
Logan ( Jason Dohring ) beats up Piz , thinking that he posted it .
The name Hanna was chosen to replace [UNK] .
They remained on " standby alert " until the actual conversions began .
From a hill at 12 : 00 , after the fog had lifted , the men looked down on the Battle of Yongsan which was then in progress .
The tour was praised by critics and fans .
Monument 1 measures 2 @.
He said he had started the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade toward Yongsan but had not yet released them for commitment there and he wanted to be sure that General of the Army Douglas MacArthur approved his use of them , since he knew that this would interfere with other plans of the Far East Command .
Likewise , Edward Gibbon 's assertion that Nerva hereby established a tradition of succession through adoption among the Five Good Emperors has found little support among modern historians .
Bintulu Hospital started operation in 1968 .
High yield ( 77 @-@ 91 % ) and dr ( 95 : 5 - 99 : 1 ) are reported for α @-@ hydroxylation with the Evans ' chiral auxiliary with N @-@ [UNK] as the [UNK] .
With Kershaw 's career high of 248 strikeouts thrown during the 2011 season , he donated $ 492 @,@ 300 toward his $ 70 @,@ 000 goal .
The critic for The Observer wrote , " The recent paintings ... horrifying as they are , cannot be ignored .
Manila serves as the headquarters of the Central Bank of the Philippines which is located along Roxas Boulevard .
Kouma was wounded and the other three vehicles had to withdraw , but he held the Agok site until 07 : 30 the next morning with his single tank .
@ 4 ft ) wide by 0 @.
Bonnie Raitt
Together with Maufe , the other Principal Architects appointed during and after the Second World War were Hubert Worthington , Louis de Soissons , Philip Hepworth and Colin St Clair Oakes .
Meanwhile , relations between the British Army and the nationalist community , which were initially good , deteriorated .
Kutuzov knew the size of the French [UNK] division [UNK] its positions , and he knew that most of the dragoons were not covering the French flank but had turned north .
The Commission 's undertakings began in earnest at the end of the First World War .
Schmitt assumed command of the group .
Since midnight the NK I Corps had broken his Pusan Perimeter in two places @-@ the NK 2nd and 9th Divisions in the US 2nd Division sector , and the NK 7th Division and NK 6th Division in the US 25th Division sector , below the junction of the Nam and Naktong Rivers .
The Derry Citizens Defence Association ( [UNK] ) declared their intention to hold the area against both the RUC and the British Army until their demands were met .
The strategy required staff to read a statement to customers explaining the situation ; Blockbuster claimed it was only " [ monitoring ] customer demand " due to the reduced availability .
The first fleet battle , and the first ocean battle , involving ironclad warships was the Battle of Lissa in 1866 .
The work is composed in ink , pencil , colored pencil , and watercolor on paper and measures 28 by 19 inches ( 71 cm × 48 cm ) .
New Zealand , managed by the New Zealand Ministry of Culture and Heritage on behalf of the CWGC , is responsible for New Zealand , New Caledonia , Samoa , Society Islands , Tonga and Vanuatu
It was everything unpardonable .
A platoon of 4 @.
[ ... ] The milieu was pretty much Anywhere , USA — upwardly mobile suburbia . "
All three previously appeared in " A Good Man Goes to War " and reprised their roles both in this episode and in the prequels .
@ 7 m ) deep .
In addition the forward pair of 14 cm guns in the forecastle were removed at this time and the maximum elevation of the remaining guns was increased to + 30 degrees .
@ 26 metres ( 4 @.
The site of the first SM Store is located at Carlos Palanca Sr. ( formerly [UNK] ) Street in San Miguel .
With stone , needle , flame , and spark power @-@ ups , Kirby can transform to interact with blocks differently .
Bacon adapts the Old Master 's device to isolate and distance the sitter from the viewer ; the black ground @-@ paint is visible through the folds , making the separation all the more affecting .
Superfamily [UNK]
After the season , Kershaw and the Dodgers agreed on a seven @-@ year , $ 215 million , contract extension .
Before the loan deal was completed , he had joined Hull on their pre @-@ season training camp in Portugal .
In early September , elements of ' C ' Squadron , including six Tetrarchs , formed part of a force which sailed for Freetown in West Africa ; during this period of the war there were fears that the Spanish government might enter the conflict on the side of Germany , and the force was readied to capture a number of Spanish islands off the coast of Africa if this occurred .
On the March 4 episode of SmackDown , Lesnar defeated Hardcore Holly in his last match on a weekly WWE televised show .
It also affected Taiwan , where floods covered highways and caused mudslides .
Later , wood and iron were combined in ' sandwich ' armor , for instance in HMS Inflexible .
Their offices are located at the Manila City Hall .
A contributor to the Colombian website CMI commented that " listening to Independiente is a labyrinth to go through , each song is a huge path that seems to have no end , because it involves imagination , it invites you to dream , to charm , to bewitch .
Fuiste Tú " reached number two on the Billboard Top Latin Songs and number one on the Latin Pop Songs charts .
@ 8 ft ) high by 1 @.
In order to gain his revenge on Big Show and Heyman , Lesnar interfered in his first title defense , which came against Kurt Angle the next month at Armageddon .
The show consisted of four theatrical sets on a revolving stage ; Arjona performed on each in turn , as it [UNK] to each song .
Its focus was on class struggle and its aim was to unite the Irish nationalist and unionist working classes in order to overthrow capitalism , both British and Irish .
Ownership and maintenance of NY 31B 's former routing was gradually transferred to the counties it went through , namely Cayuga and Onondaga .
In the summer of 2000 , Stevens was offered the opportunity to volunteer in the Butler basketball office .
Sir Henry Keppel was responsible for crushing the Dayak piracy in the [UNK] between 1840 and 1850 .
@ 26 knots ( 46 @.
While [UNK] was requested by Hong Kong to be removed in the list , and was replaced by Dolphin .
Molecular clock estimates place the first [UNK] in the Late Carboniferous , but the first member of Batrachia ( frogs and salamanders , but not caecilians ) is estimated to have appeared in the Middle Permian using the same technique .
Bert Gordon - Nominated Villain
Both ships comfortably exceeded their designed speed of 23 knots ( 43 km / h ; 26 mph ) during their sea trials ; Ise reached 23 @.
This problem is complicated by the fact that many of these species are poorly represented in herbarium collections .
Brock Lesnar has made a personal decision to put his WWE career on hold to prepare to tryout for the National Football League this season .
Ben Amos returned to Manchester United after his loan spell at Bolton Wanderers , but on 10 June 2015 , it was announced on Manchester United website that Ben Amos has been released from the club along with four other players .
During the reign of Sultan Bolkiah from 1485 to 1521 , the Bruneian Empire invaded , wanting to take advantage of Tondo 's China trade by attacking its environs and establishing " [UNK] [UNK] Kota [UNK] " ( The Kingdom of [UNK] ) .
Not far from NY 78 , NY 93 changes names to [UNK] Road at an intersection with Beattie Avenue ( CR 14 ) and Raymond Road ( CR 85 ) .
@ 5 ft ) high and measures 1 @.
The earliest described temnospondyl was Mastodonsaurus , named by Georg Friedrich Jaeger in 1828 .
Aldington 's poems , [UNK] , To a Greek Marble , and Au Vieux Jardin , were in the November issue of Poetry , and H.D. '
@ 17 seconds ) .
At that time the parade was held on 12 August each year .
Family [UNK]
They were told there would be no way out and anyone who died within the chamber would have to be embalmed and cemented into the brick floor .
The following is a list of replicas and their locations within the United States :
It destroyed three of fourteen Roman districts and severely damaged seven .
It stings , it hurts .
In early 1941 , the Royal Armoured Corps formed three squadrons for use in overseas amphibious operations , one of which was equipped with Tetrarchs .
They and their followers frequently carried out preservation of severed heads near a small river stream branching off from [UNK] River because the river bank was flat and wide .
Manila also has other parishes located throughout the city , with some of them dating back to the Spanish Colonial Period when the city serves as the base for numerous Catholic missions both within the Philippines and to Asia beyond .
Several Mainline Protestant denominations are headquartered in the city .
The band 's eighth studio album , Truth Rising , was released on October 26 , 2010 to mixed reviews .
This variety is manifested even within individual works : Owen identifies the , " rapid stylistic and thematic shifts " in poems which enable the poet to represent different facets of a situation , while Chou uses the term " juxtaposition " as the major analytical tool in her work .
Victoria Wallace is the Director @-@ General of the CWGC and serves as secretary .
Cena then delivered the Attitude Adjustment to Lesnar onto steel steps and Lesnar lost the match .
On 7 November the Russians arrived in St. Pölten and crossed the Danube river the next day .
The handful of craters along the interior span no more than a few hundred meters .
Nationwide , Choi @-@ wan destroyed 191 homes , injured 9 people , and left about ¥ 300 million ( JPY , $ 2 @.
@ 03 in the 1985 season , his strikeouts were the most by a Dodger since Koufax 's 317 in 1966 and his 233 1 ⁄ 3 innings pitched were the most since Chan Ho Park pitched 234 in 2001 .
[UNK] , while critical of many of Mendes and Ball 's choices , admitted the film showed off their " considerable talents " .
He begins smoking marijuana supplied by Ricky .
In 1911 , Pound introduced two other poets to the Eiffel Tower group : his former fiancée Hilda Doolittle ( who had started signing her work H.D. )
Independiente was mixed at the Blue Grotto in Nashville , Tennessee , and mastered by Tom Coyne and Aya Merrill at Sterling Sound in New York City .
The Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) had been inactive militarily since the end of the Border Campaign in 1962 .
Third Column , commanded by Lieutenant General [UNK] , including six battalions of infantry , one battalion from the 8th Jäger regiment , and ten squadrons of the Hussar Regiment [UNK] .
While en route they were diverted to the Spratly Islands upon reports of heavy air raids at Manila .
" Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released as the third single .
In four seasons with the Michigan Wolverines , [UNK] played in 32 games and had over 1 @,@ 000 yards of total offense .
[UNK] has very small teeth and a large area for muscle attachment behind the skull , suggesting that it could suction feed by rapidly opening its mouth .
Law and order was maintained by a ' peace corps ' — volunteers organised by the [UNK] to patrol the streets and man the barricades .
In the Royal Navy , the switch to breech @-@ loaders was finally made in 1879 ; as well as the significant advantages in terms of performance , opinion was swayed by an explosion on board HMS Thunderer caused by a gun being double @-@ loaded , a problem which could only happen with a muzzle @-@ loading gun .
The contribution from each country is proportionate to the number of graves the CWGC maintains on behalf of that country .
The poem concludes by explaining how sacrifice is needed to allow an individual to die into life and be reborn , and that salvation should be the goal of humankind .
The bus companies that serve the station are the [UNK] Baram Sdn .
The sitter 's pose closely echoes the original , as does the violet and white colouring of his cope , which is built up through broad , thick , brush @-@ strokes .
@ 9 ft ) wide by 1 @.
Initially there had been some panic and parts of at least one French battalion had tried to escape on the flotilla craft .
Broke ( 2000 )
Nerva also sought to involve the Senate in his government , but this was not entirely successful .
The 2009 documentary My Big Break followed Bentley , and several other young actors , before and after he landed the part .
Eventually , the British withdrew from Manila as per agreements in the 1763 Treaty of Paris .
Here " L " should not be confused with the inductance L – in electronic filter topology , " L " refers to the specific filter shape which resembles inverted letter " L " .
The low @-@ temperature interior of this crater functions as a cold trap that may capture and freeze volatiles shed during comet impacts on the Moon .
Manila is the site of prominent Catholic churches and institutions .
After the London Paralympics , Dodd took up wheelchair basketball .
Chaos would ensue in the year of the Four Emperors .
He won the match by pinning Masahiro Chono after an F @-@ 5 , which he had renamed the Verdict since WWE owns the trademark on the F @-@ 5 name .
The following table provides basic meteorological and impact information for each tropical cyclone from the 2003 Pacific typhoon season in tabular format ; unnamed tropical cyclones are not included .
One Direction 's vocal range in the song span from the note of E4 to C ♯ 6 .
During their trials the Type UB Is were found to be too small and too slow and had a reputation for being underpowered ; one commander compared his Type UB I to a " sewing machine " .
@ 74 billion , having an annual regular income ( ARI ) of an estimated ₱ 7 @.
Some surviving examples of wooden sculpture recovered from El Manatí demonstrate that the Olmecs are likely to have created many more perishable sculptures than works sculpted from stone .
The history of Nero 's reign is problematic in that no historical sources survived that were contemporary with Nero .
Every so often a great offensive end comes along , a player who has to learn how to play defense , but who has the natural speed , smooth actions , height and big hands that is the mark of an outstanding pass receiver .
A music video for " Killing Time " , the second single from Broke , was produced in promotion of the film 3000 Miles to Graceland , which featured the song on its soundtrack .
Imagism refers to the manner of presentation , not to the subject . "
Previous to World War I , individual commemoration of war dead was often on an ad hoc basis and was almost exclusively limited to commissioned officers .
@ 5 million ) , Australia ( $ 6 million ) , and France ( $ 5 @.
On the carriage ride home , Jenny notices it is beginning to snow and Vastra notes that the snow should be impossible because there are no clouds in the sky .
In 1882 , the 81 @-@ ton , 16 @-@ inch ( 406 mm ) guns of HMS Inflexible fired only once every 11 minutes while bombarding Alexandria during the Urabi Revolt .
He was supported by the Parthians , who only reluctantly gave him up , and the matter almost came to war .
San Lorenzo Colossal Head 7 was reworked from a monumental throne ; it was discovered by a joint archaeological project by the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia and Yale University , as a result of a magnetometer survey .
The single made its Irish Singles Chart debut at number 24 on the week ending 13 December 2012 .
The most naturalistic Olmec art is the earliest , appearing suddenly without surviving antecedents , with a tendency towards more stylised sculpture as time progressed .
Otho was said to be liked by many soldiers because he had been a friend of Nero 's and resembled him somewhat in temperament .
Within 24 hours of the interviews Stevens was named Butler 's new head coach .
An invasion of Europe in 1943 would be unworkable , but the allies could attack the " soft underbelly of Europe " through the Mediterranean , as Prime Minister Winston Churchill put it .
Women and girls made milk @-@ bottle crates of petrol bombs for supply to the youths in the front line and " Radio Free Derry " broadcast to the fighters and their families .
Marianne Moore also became associated with the group during this period .
Speculation about a return to MMA lasted until March 24 , 2015 , when Lesnar announced in an interview on SportsCenter that he had re @-@ signed with WWE and officially closed the door on a return to MMA , even though he was offered a deal " ten times more " than what he had made previously in his MMA career .
The chairman was Seán Keenan , an Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) veteran ; the vice @-@ chairman was Paddy Doherty , a popular local man sometimes known as " Paddy [UNK] " and the secretary was Johnnie White , another leading republican and leader of the James Connolly Republican Club .
In addition to Mastodonsaurus , some of the earliest named genera included [UNK] and [UNK] in 1842 , [UNK] in 1848 , [UNK] in 1849 , [UNK] and [UNK] in 1853 , [UNK] in 1858 , and [UNK] in 1859 .
Another species complex in [UNK] includes A. speciosa and related species .
Heavy rainfall occurred along the Georgia and South Carolina coasts , reaching over 12 in ( 300 mm ) .
Generally , it includes the western end of España Boulevard , Nicanor Reyes St. ( formerly [UNK] St. ) , the eastern end of Claro M. Recto Avenue ( formerly [UNK] ) , [UNK] Avenue , [UNK] Street , and the different side streets .
Structural design has always played an important part in the Commission 's cemeteries .
They transferred to Cam Ranh Bay , French Indochina and Hyūga became flagship of the 5th Fleet there on 14 December .
The ears are wearing large flattened rings that overlap the straps ; they probably represent jade ornaments of a type that have been recovered in the Olmec region .
He did not have a grand plan when he agreed to the show , but eventually found themes that interested him in his Head I of the previous year , and executed five progressively stronger variants in the final weeks before the November exhibition , completing the series barely in time for the opening .
There are three mills in Bintulu that process wood @-@ waste products .
Nationwide , the high winds destroyed about 5 @,@ 000 houses and damaged 13 @,@ 000 homes and businesses , leaving 25 @,@ 000 people homeless .
Kershaw made his playoff starting debut against the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2009 National League Division Series ( NLDS ) .
[UNK] had [UNK] and [UNK] that were of equal size .
Gore spent most of his later years at his country estate in Waltham , suffering from worsening rheumatoid arthritis that made walking increasingly difficult .
The size of the gun peaked in the 1880s , with some of the heaviest calibres of gun ever used at sea .
According to naval historian J. Richard Hill : " The ( ironclad ) had three chief characteristics : a metal @-@ skinned hull , steam propulsion and a main armament of guns capable of firing explosive shells .
The JTWC estimated landfall winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) , making it the strongest typhoon to strike the Pearl River Delta since Typhoon Hope in 1979 .
This is produced by a filter half @-@ section with inductance L
The figure is clearly identifiable as a pope from his clothing .
Steiner not only lets Hitler justify his past , he allows him the ( almost ) last word before the outside world invades .
Described by many as about " the meaning of life " or " the hollow existence of the American suburbs " , the film has defied categorization by even the filmmakers .
Butler responded by holding Syracuse scoreless for the next 5 minutes , taking a 60 – 54 lead with 0 : 59 to go .
It was thought to be the most closely related temnospondyl to lissamphibians and was placed as the sister taxon of the group in a phylogenetic analysis .
The undersides of most [UNK] are covered in rows of large ventral plates .
A reviewer for the The New York Dramatic Mirror found the film 's excessive use of coincidental meetings to be highly improbable , but found Warde 's performance to be excellent and the rest of the cast give good performances .
The indigenous Iglesia ni Cristo has several locales ( akin to parishes ) in the city , including its very first chapel ( now a museum ) in Punta , Sta .
The first section to be transferred was the portion within Onondaga County , which was given to the county on April 1 , 1980 , and designated as CR 99 .
Vitellius began his reign with a large funeral for Nero complete with songs written by Nero .
After the game , his parents told him that a Manchester United scout had been watching him and that he had been invited for trials .
The division used approximately 20 Tetrarchs during the British airborne landings in Normandy in June 1944 .
A tropical depression developed on August 2 southeast of Guam , and gradually intensified while moving to the northwest , becoming a tropical storm on August 3 and a typhoon a day later .
Nero 's mother was Agrippina the Younger , a great @-@ granddaughter of Caesar Augustus and his wife Scribonia through their daughter Julia the Elder and her husband Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa .
Lesnar topped the list for MMA at $ 5 @.
In October 1912 , he submitted thereto three poems each by H.D.
The Bintulu Tua Pek Kong temple ( near Tamu Bintulu ) is believed to have been built in the 1890s to purge the town from evil spirits .
SM UB @-@ 9
On May 13 , 2014 , On the band 's official Facebook page , they released the official announcement of when the band 's new album Evolution will hit stores .
The route proceeds eastward through the village as a two @-@ lane road named Lockport Street , serving two blocks of commercial areas before bending to the northeast and passing into the residential eastern portion of Youngstown .
At Stuart , winds removed or badly damaged 75 % of the roofs in town .
Ancient historians state that these projects and others exacerbated the drain on the State 's budget .
In 1997 " Stay Behind Cave " ( as it was nicknamed ) was discovered in Gibraltar by the Gibraltar Caving Group , but no account was ever obtained from anyone associated with the mission .
@ 5 ° toward the direction 50 – 90 ° from the Earth .
The removal of the secondary armament , the rear turrets and their supporting structures was generally compensated by the addition of the flight deck , hangar , AA guns and more fuel , and the metacentric height increased [UNK] metres ( 9 @.
Immediately after winning the Interim Heavyweight title , Mir found Lesnar in the crowd and shouted , " You 've got my belt " .
Two fastballs inside , two fastballs away , two changeups , one fastball inside , two curveballs , one fastball inside , two sliders .
Historians indicate that there was a belief that theatre led to immorality .
All the main characters appeared in this version , but Carolyn did not feature strongly ; Jim and Jim instead had much larger roles .
As a result , the majority of the tanks remained in Britain , although 20 were sent to the USSR as part of the Lend @-@ Lease program .
The unsuitability of unarmored iron for warship hulls meant that iron was only adopted as a building material for battleships when protected by armor .
Goldberg gained victory after delivering a Jackhammer to Lesnar and both men subsequently received Stone Cold [UNK] from Austin .
Vaught and DJ Product © 1969 .
Finishing moves
He believes Bacon borrowed from Degas the use of parallel heavy folds to create the illusion of what Degas described as " shuttering " , as seen in the earlier artist 's After the Bath , Woman drying herself .
Within the Dvorak satellite strength estimate for tropical cyclones , there are several visual patterns that a cyclone may take on which define the upper and lower bounds on its intensity .
At the start the Officials attracted most of the younger members .
She started for the Sydney University Flames in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2013 .
To prepare , Mendes provided Bentley with a video camera , telling the actor to film what Ricky would .
In the beginning of 1991 , Croatia had no regular army .
@ 6 km ) north of the river road which curved around the hill 's southern base .
The judicial branch is administered solely by the Supreme Court of the Philippines under the Metro Manila judicial region .
It was [UNK] 's turn to face attackers at his front and rear , until the arrival of Schmitt 's column , which had [UNK] its way through the mountains in the west .
Matsuo Bashō , the greatest haiku poet , was also strongly influenced by Du Fu ; in Oku no Hosomichi , his masterpiece , he cites the first two lines of A Spring View ( [UNK] ) before a haiku as its introduction and also many of his other haiku have similar wording and themes .
Though every month with the exception of February and March featured tropical activity , most storms developed from May through October .
Ricky 's bedroom was designed to be cell @-@ like to suggest his " [UNK] " personality , while at the same time blending with the high @-@ tech equipment to reflect his voyeuristic side .
One year later , Amos was playing for his local team against the team at the top of the table , and they needed to win the match to win the league .
Numerous residential and office skyscrapers are found within its medieval streets .
The first notable Japanese [UNK] of Du Fu 's poetry was [UNK] [UNK] ( 1278 – 1346 ) , a [UNK] Zen patriarch and one of the most prominent authors of the literature of the Five Mountains ; he highly praised Du Fu and made a commentary on some poems of Du Fu from the perspective of a Zen priest in Vol .
One other flaw , McCarthy said , was the revelation of Col. Fitts ' homosexuality , which he said evoked " hoary [UNK] " .
The NK 9th Division 's infantry crossing of the Naktong and attack on its east side near midnight quickly overran the positions of C Company , north of A Company .
Off the field , Kershaw is an active participant in volunteer work .
The highway takes on the Mechanic Street name as it crosses over Murder Creek and leaves downtown Akron .
Given that the extremely large slabs of stone used in their production were transported over large distances , requiring a great deal of human effort and resources , it is thought that the monuments represent portraits of powerful individual Olmec rulers .
In India , Donald enters the palace of the Maharajah , where she challenges him to defeat the tiger in her garden in exchange for a Sphinx Tear .
Originally sized for 75 families , Temple Beth Israel 's Portland Street building had been renovated and enlarged over the years to 7 @,@ 500 square feet ( 700 m2 ) to accommodate 250 families and 150 students .
For the close @-@ ups when Lester and Angela move to the couch , Hall tried to keep rain in the frame , lighting through the window onto the ceiling behind Lester .
" Little Things " – 3 : 42
Among them were [UNK] , once placed in [UNK] .
In his report on the disturbances , Lord Cameron remarked that " for such conduct among members of a disciplined and well @-@ led force there can be no acceptable justification or excuse " and added that " its effect in rousing passions and inspiring hostility towards the police was regrettably great . "
The day before Butler 's 2010 Final Four appearance , they hosted a fundraiser for the organization .
Press accounts at the time noted that the injury " will probably keep him out of pro football all season , if not forever . "
These were published in January 1909 by the Poets ' Club in London in a booklet called For Christmas [UNK] .
He said , " I started with a wrong scene , actually , a comedy scene .
The 4th District ( 2015 population : 265 @,@ 046 ) covers [UNK] .
The British Army made no attempt to enter the area .
After tax collectors were accused of being too harsh to the poor , Nero transferred collection authority to lower commissioners .
The Austro @-@ Russian force was a mixture of infantry , Jägers ( usually deployed as skirmishers ) , Russian musketeers and Russian and Austrian cavalry , accompanied by more than 68 artillery pieces .
Kinberg was known for his support for minority rights and gay rights , anti @-@ nuclear and anti @-@ war activism , support of reconciliation between Israel and the Palestinians , and outreach to non @-@ observant members of Eugene 's Jewish community .
Lesnar also has twins with his former fiancée , Nicole McClain , the first being a son named Luke ( born Brock Jr . )
<formula>
31 in high school in honor of Indiana Pacers guard Reggie Miller .
This feature mirrors contemporary developments in avant @-@ garde art , especially Cubism .
American forces were continually repulsed but able to prevent the North Koreans from breaking the Pusan Perimeter .
The beds around each headstone are planted with a mixture of floribunda roses and herbaceous perennials .
Some examples have a tied knot at the back of the head , and some are decorated with feathers .
To deflect blame , Nero targeted Christians .
Nero , with the support of Seneca , resisted the intervention of his mother in his personal affairs .
They wrapped up touring in support of the album with a headlining tour in the US through August and September in 2007 .
Species range across the Neotropics from Mexico in the north to Bolivia , Paraguay , and southern Brazil in the south .
The economic policy of Nero is a point of debate among scholars .
He also had three half brothers and one half sister , to whom he frequently refers in his poems , although he never mentions his stepmother .
It is a Breakout clone ; the player controls paddles along the screen 's edge to knock a bouncing ball , Kirby , into destructible bricks .
