All these remedies that the High Court may grant are discretionary .
Fossils found in the sedimentary rocks in the park include algae , brachiopods and trilobites .
Although it has since been largely buried by younger flows , it remains exposed in some places , and has been traced more than 20 km ( 12 mi ) from the volcano 's caldera , evidence of very powerful eruptions .
By this time , Orson began to turn towards the southwest and on 20 April , the storm intensified into a Category 5 cyclone with winds of 210 km / h ( 130 mph 10 @-@ minute sustained ) .
Despite the cancellation of the planned change to a slick format , news had reached the writing community of Amazing 's new approach , and Browne began to receive much better material than Palmer had been able to publish .
Andretti was invited to race in six International Race of Champions ( IROC ) series in his career .
Children of the disaster have been raised by single parents , foster parents , and other family members .
Grohl had difficulty hitting the proper notes , but ultimately was able to sing what Vig wanted .
The International Union for Conservation of Nature notes that the global population trend is downwards , largely because of the drainage of wetlands , but assesses the purple heron 's conservation status as being of " least concern " .
The Temple of Tohil was used for human sacrifice , the bodies of the sacrificial victims were probably hurled down the front stairway before being decapitated and the heads places on a skull rack .
Jon Stewart promoted the Trust for the National Mall , urging his viewers to make donations on behalf of the rally .
This was as a result of Johan [UNK] 's crash in 1998 as World Cup leader , which resulted in gangrene so severe that amputation of his leg was considered .
TKO – Total Knock Out - adopted from Marc Mero
Among these metabolites , the active sympathomimetics are amphetamine , 4 ‑ hydroxyamphetamine , 4 ‑ hydroxynorephedrine , 4 @-@ [UNK] , and norephedrine .
Today the former Victorian Railways locomotive fleet has been split into two , with the N , A and P classes utilised by V / Line on passenger services , with the remainder with Pacific National or other private operators in freight use .
Thus , during the course of infection , viral adaptation to the use of CXCR4 instead of CCR5 may be a key step in the progression to AIDS .
He retired as the leading run @-@ scorer in Test matches , a record he held until it was passed by Wally Hammond in 1937 .
These values were partially released with a much higher estimation in 2004 , but this definition focused on the consumerism and not the " unique psychological characteristics " of otaku used in the 2005 study .
Dirnt claimed that the follow @-@ up album , Insomniac , one of the band 's hardest albums lyrically and musically , was the band releasing their anger at all the criticism from critics and former fans .
In 1997 , Atlantic released a single edit of " Whole Lotta Love " in the US and the UK , the only single the band released in their homeland , where it peaked at number 21 .
He is best remembered for his participation in the futile and bloody Confederate offensive on the third day of the Battle of Gettysburg that bears his name , Pickett 's Charge .
They had beaten Roma 4 – 2 in a penalty shoot @-@ out after the match finished 1 – 1 to win their fourth European Cup .
After Jason Krejza , the other spinner on the tour , conceded 199 runs for no wickets in a match against the Board President 's XI , White was considered the safer option , although Ponting publicly endorsed Krejza after his wicket @-@ less match .
The words are from a Gnostic text , the apocryphal Acts of St John , using a translation from the Greek which Holst prepared with assistance from Clifford Bax and Jane Joseph .
Coach : Chris [UNK]
He promoted participatory rural development in Pakistan and other developing countries , and widely advocated community participation in development .
The children place stickers on Fung and his men .
Kenrick , however , dislikes the adaptation : " You certainly won 't ever want to put this disaster in your player , unless you want to hear the sound of Rodgers and Hammerstein whirling in their graves .
The future king had been born in the park , at White Lodge , in 1894 .
A large number of the casualties were from the fishing community , who resided close to the seashore .
It contains lyrical content explaining how two people in a relationship can find one another complicated at times .
A lifetime fan of Quest , Eisner Award @-@ winner Paul Chadwick drew the cover of the final issue , depicting Jonny 's descent into a cave on Easter Island .
wrote or co @-@ wrote all the songs on the album and created the basic backing tracks using a Roland MC @-@ 505 sequencer / drum machine given to her by long @-@ time friend Justine Frischmann .
In 1931 , Coffee opposed California legislation intended to regulate the kosher food industry and prohibit fraudulent claims that foods were kosher .
Arbiter .
Ridicule alone isn 't enough , you 've got to be tasteless about it .
As well a new job evaluation system would see significant monetary benefits for some employees .
On the same tour , the performance of " Into the Groove " contained samples from the remix " Into the Hollywood Groove " .
However , as a chthonic deity , Ataecina would only have been an appropriate name for an object in orbital resonance with Neptune , which Haumea was not .
The United States was then facing hostilities with Britain in the War of 1812 .
This is known as [UNK] .
More recently , Ryholt obtained a similar result using his own [UNK] and places Sheshi before Yaqub @-@ Har and the great Hyksos rulers Khyan and Apophis and after Yakbim Sekhaenre , Ya [UNK] [UNK] , [UNK] [UNK] and ' Ammu Ahotepre .
The number of corpora lutea increases directly with age .
The protests of 1944 strengthened the labor movement to the point where Ponce Vaides stopped enforcing the repressive vagrancy law , which was abolished in the 1945 constitution .
ONGC produced 480 million metres3 natural gas in the state , in 2006 – 07 .
Henceforth , the main focus of the Alsos Mission was on these nuclear facilities in the Württemberg area .
His commission was rare at a time when few Asian Americans were allowed to serve in combat leadership roles .
The Spartans have appeared in 3 NCAA Championship games , 9 Final Fours , 13 Elite Eights , 19 Sweet Sixteens , and 29 NCAA Tournament appearances .
The Flying Aces Club , a model airplane club dedicated to free @-@ flight models , takes its name from the magazine and its old clubs .
He outlines two ways that animals might be protected without being the recipients of justice ; first , they may be owed direct duties outside of justice , or , second , they might be protected by means of indirect duties , meaning that they are protected because of what humans owe to one another .
To appease them , Mayor Quimby blames the high taxes on illegal immigrants .
Ba Cụt distributed a pamphlet condemning Diệm as an American puppet , asserting that the prime minister was going to " Catholicize " the country ; the referendum was partly funded by the U.S. government and various Roman Catholic organisations .
Evgenia Peretz , an editor at Vanity Fair considers Chastain to be " the most sensitive and empathetic actor " she has interviewed , and her colleague Jessica Diehl takes note of Chastain 's " timeless elegance " which she thinks is " almost incongruous for the current times " .
Six of the Oxford crew were studying at Magdalen College , while five of Cambridge 's were matriculated at Trinity Hall .
The other parent is a cross between a wild vine and Traminer .
( Mathangi " Maya " Arulpragasam ) had released her debut album Arular in 2005 , which achieved critical acclaim and sold 130 @,@ 000 copies .
He held certificate No.
The town is sited at the head of a valley that runs south @-@ east to Groombridge ; like the River Teise , which originates in Tunbridge Wells , the stream in the valley is one of the many tributaries of the River Medway , which runs through a much larger valley north of the High Weald .
By its height and impressive volume , the tower dominates the northwestern high part of the city and its walls .
Tooth and Nail Records , P.O.D.
Following the death of Theodosius I in 395 and the permanent division of the Roman Empire between his two sons , the city , which would popularly come to be known as Constantinople , became the capital of the Eastern Roman Empire .
Two tracks from Swim were used for the album , being " Descend " and " [UNK] " .
Later that month on May 27 , she took part in another review off Île de Sein , where the French Mediterranean and Atlantic squadrons were assembled following combined exercises ; Dunkerque hosted the Navy Minister and the new Chief of Staff of the French Navy , Vice Admiral François Darlan .
The first mentioned noblemen are brothers Michael Kacsics and Simon Kacsics , the Voivode of Transylvania ( 1209 – 1212 ; 1215 ) and Ban of Slavonia ( 1212 ; somewhere 1213 – 1218 ) .
The ' station ' opened on April 26 , 1981 .
@ 4 % of GDP ( 2012 ) , this is followed by services ( 38 @.
In the weeks before filming her final scenes , Tovey asked Welsh how Belle would be written out .
The voice acting was also received well , as the cast " nails its characterizations " ; overall , the voice acting was described as a " big @-@ star performance " , " superb " and " stellar " .
The parkway runs through the parklands of the Don River Valley , after which it is named .
Arsenal used a total of 28 players during the 1996 – 97 season and there were 12 different goalscorers .
Episodes centering on Kim were included in io9 's list of the worst holodeck related episodes in Star Trek .
Like many Observatory personnel , the [UNK] lived in a staff residence on Mount Stromlo , which was a long difficult trip away from Canberra .
Empty weight : 3 @,@ 350 kg ( 7 @,@ 385 lb )
James considered her an " unconscious " artist , describing her as " instinctive and charming " .
It all came together in her head .
3 John was almost certainly written by the same author who wrote 2 John , and likely 1 John as well .
Since 2008 , Fox Sports has broadcast MLB games on Fox Saturday Baseball throughout the entire season ; Fox previously only broadcast games from May to September .
Gen. André Briche to take Mérida and leaving four squadrons of dragoons at Albuera to watch the garrison at Badajoz , he marched with the remainder of his army to invest Olivenza .
These measures had the effect of minimizing the public expression of support for the Americans for the rest of the war .
He went on to do graduate work in philosophy at Harvard University , and later at UCLA 's Philosophy Department , where he received his Ph.D. in 1951 for a dissertation entitled " The Meaning of the Concept of Probability in Application to Finite Sequences " .
The first award Asturias received for El Señor Presidente was the French Prix du Meilleur Livre Étranger in 1952 .
On hearing the news of the " Cinque [UNK] " , the " Five Days " of street fighting that took place between 18 and 22 March 1848 and temporarily drove the Austrians out of Milan , Verdi travelled there , arriving on 5 April .
Benchley kept these achievements in mind as he began to contemplate a career for himself after college .
@ 7 in ) and weigh 127 – 350 g ( 0 @.
Areas of reef that formed during the Eemian interglacial ( about 125 @,@ 000 years ago ) , when sea levels were higher than at present , are now emergent in places , and these form the basement of the group 's central platform islands , namely West Wallabi Island , East Wallabi Island and North Island .
It dropped just 19 % in its second after adding $ 3 @.
When the British annexed Cyprus in 1914 , Cypriots ' political status changed and they found it easier to travel .
Contact between players is only permitted if it does not impede an opponent or the general play .
@ 1 rebounds and 9 @.
After 1914 , the Church of God in Christ would become predominantly black and the Assemblies of God would remain predominantly white .
Downtown Erie 's historic and ornate Warner Theatre hosts a range of performances .
Leanne Del Toso ( born 12 August 1980 ) is a 3 @.
In the same year , Evans and the other members of the quartet were each awarded the Australian Sports Medal for their victory in Moscow .
Two ox @-@ wagon trains , led by captains W.B.
He took the opening faceoff and very nearly scored during the game .
The NCTA 's November 1962 Transportation in the National Capital Region report included a proposal for an 89 @-@ mile ( 143 km ) , $ 793 million rail system .
The library holds around three million volumes , including 120 @,@ 000 volumes printed before 1851 .
In a meeting with the members of the Regional Committee , they agreed that the new detachments should operate in the Dinara mountains where their fighters could rely on support from the population of the Sinj and Livanjsko field regions as well as other Partisan formations planned for Bosanska Krajina and Lika .
With a combined 136 total points scored between both teams , the game set an NCAA Division I FBS record for most points scored in a regulation @-@ length game ( breaking the previous record of 133 points set when the San Jose State Spartans defeated the Rice Owls 70 – 63 in 2004 ) .
These were initially solicitors for the people suing in the Court , and no other counsel was allowed , but by the time of Francis Bacon claimants were allowed their own counsel .
By winning a race , the player will receive a Trophy .
By 1908 Eytel was exhibiting works in Pasadena and enjoying the patronage of socialite Martha M. [UNK] .
Palauans faced difficulties in getting employed in administrative positions in the workforce , which was dominated by Japanese settlers .
They defeated Dallas 31 – 24 in Week 13 , then lost 45 – 38 to Philadelphia the next week .
An enthusiasm for folk music was widespread among British composers of the late 19th and early 20th centuries , including Parry , Stanford , Vaughan Williams and Holst ; Sullivan and Elgar stood aloof , as did Bax , who later put into general circulation the saying , " You should make a point of trying every experience once , excepting incest and folk @-@ dancing . "
Many small settlements were dismantled , their occupants forced either to the new purpose @-@ built villages built by the landowners such as John Cockburn of Ormiston to house the displaced cottars on the outskirts of the new ranch @-@ style farms , or to the new industrial centres of Glasgow , Edinburgh , or northern England .
The act states ;
What the technology and the visual experiences were can only be tenuously inferred from stage directions .
After reuniting with Terra , the Returners decide that it is time to launch an all @-@ out attack on the Empire , and Banon asks Terra to attempt contacting the espers ' land in order to gain their support .
Otto Pächt and Friedrich Winkler continued and developed on Panofsky 's work .
Freshwater ships were built to last more than half a century , and Fitzgerald should still have had a long career ahead of her when she sank .
This auxiliary Interstate Highway runs for about three miles ( 4 @.
Soon after 1600 , with the area mostly united under one native ruler , native tribesmen began encountering , trading with and making alliances with Portuguese traders and members of the military .
Starved of fuel and supplies in February , the CATF mounted few missions ; during the same period , Commanding General of the USAAF Henry H. Arnold visited with Chennault and Vincent to inform them that a group of fuel @-@ hungry heavy bombers were to be assigned to the CATF , under Colonel Royden Eugene Beebe , Jr .
When " D 'You Know What I Mean ? "
Several of the merchants were wrecked with heavy loss of life ; over 200 bodies were washed up on the coastline between Portland and Bridport .
Jackson wrote arrangements that tended to be more straight @-@ ahead material , incorporating classic jazz bridges in his compositions .
The first time that more than one of the brothers played for Victoria together came in 1946 – 47 , after Neil was selected to play for the state against Tasmania .
The Overhill settlements were concentrated around three rivers at the base of the Great Smoky Mountains and the Unicoi Mountains , in what are now Monroe and Polk counties in Tennessee .
Successful on his second run for office , Lincoln served four successive terms in the Illinois House of Representatives as a Whig representative from Sangamon County .
The tram is closed on Sundays and major holidays , except afternoon summer Sunday service is available .
1998 – Toy Balloon
More inscriptions in Kannada are attributed to Vikramaditya VI than any other king prior to the 12th century , many of which have been deciphered and translated by historians of the Archaeological Survey of India .
Ladislaus is a patron saint of Hungary , especially along the borders .
The site 's co @-@ founder , James Hoggan , is President of the Vancouver @-@ based public relations firm James Hoggan & Associates , chair of the David Suzuki Foundation , a trustee of the Dalai Lama Center for Peace and Education , and an executive member of the Urban Development Institute .
Drew had won three consecutive provincial elections , taking even francophone ridings , and the Tories , perennially weak in Quebec , hoped that Drew could repeat his success on a national scale .
In 1881 , the Air Line announced the replacement of the Howe truss and the installation of a new 110 @-@ foot long ( 34 m ) iron bridge .
He had an opportunity to serve at the front when the 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment elected him colonel early in the war , but at Governor Morgan 's request , he turned it down to remain at his post in New York .
However , in the short term , some polar bear populations in historically colder regions of the Arctic may temporarily benefit from a milder climate , as multiyear ice that is too thick for seals to create breathing holes is replaced by thinner annual ice .
Common trees in this habitat include northern red oak , white oak , and chestnut oak .
In the desolate wastes in front of the bombed @-@ out high rise flats , survivors dig at the ground with hoes .
The three council presidents bring their affiliated chapters together once a month to meet as one Greek community .
Mitchell was born and raised in Port McNeill , British Columbia , a small logging town on Vancouver Island .
Ogre is a board wargame first released in 1977 as the first Metagaming Concepts [UNK] , designed by Steve Jackson .
Cena rolled out of the move , grabbed the championship belt , which Bischoff had brought with him , and hit Angle with it .
All events were held at the Monnett Campus , where female students danced around the Maypole , while men were barred .
The aqueduct was carried through underground pipes and a system of arches along depressions in the ground .
As a result of specialised breeding there are significant differences between field and trial @-@ bred and show @-@ bred lines of Labradors .
This section , while predominantly made up of spells and rituals , is also the source of most of the myths and folktales contained in the text .
The other two stop codons were named " ochre " and " opal " in order to keep the " color names " theme .
Tovey said Belle gets " caught in the moment " and they make love .
He was selected to the mid @-@ season Pacific Coast League All Star team in June , and came in a close second to Mitch Jones in the 2005 Triple @-@ A Home Run Derby .
Roman influence assisted the spread of Christianity throughout Europe , but there is little evidence of a direct link between the Roman Empire and Christian missions north of Hadrian 's Wall .
@ 6 % was due to type 2 HRS .
The stage for the alien abduction scene was built from scratch : construction supervisor Rob Maier was tasked with creating a full @-@ scale replica of the Ruskin Dam bridge in order to ease up the shots .
It takes leadership that knows how to bring people together . "
Any restrictions on royal power were unequivocally annulled .
Mars , sarcastically , replied to rumors related to the use of special effects : " A lot of people think this is a camera trick , but that is a heavy piano .
If a player catches a ball and falls into the dugout the batter is ruled out and the base runner is allowed one base .
Chotiner 's strategy was to conflate the two PACs in the public eye .
@ 7 % ready rate , the Northrop Grumman B @-@ 2 Spirit achieved 30 @.
By all accounts , Hoyos was viewed as a local beauty in Key West .
The game incorporates elements similar to a role @-@ playing game , whereby Lara can talk with various NPCs found throughout the environments and chose what kinds of answers to give : early in the game , these answers will directly affect her progress through the story .
News anchor and political commentator Chris Matthews ' show entitled Hardball with Chris Matthews is referenced by Stewie when he suggests Brian is getting a big head , with the guest , United States Senator Harry Reid , then appearing on Matthews ' forehead , suggesting Matthews is self @-@ centered .
The use of " Dutch " and " Walloon " to describe these two supposed types of finches has been suggested to refer to a simple difference in calling not literally linked to either the Flemish or Walloon communities of Belgium , and some linguists even suggest that " Walloon " simply means " foreign " .
The Telegraph 's Helen Brown rated the album four out of five stars , noting the album 's eclectic influences and reserving praise for " Madness " in particular .
The Midland Railway reached Peterborough in 1846 , and opened their line to Melton Mowbray , passing through Stamford , in 1848 .
They also frequently took her traveling , both on short trips to nearby rural areas and on longer trips to historical sites such as Xi 'an .
It also featured actors closer to the ages in the source material .
The summer and fall included various conflicts throughout the southern territories of the German states as the armies of the Coalition and the armies of the Directory sought to flank each other :
He later served as the Administrator of Western Samoa and worked for the Imperial War Graves Commission .
Cheilocystidia ( cystidia on the edge of the gill ) are plentiful , and can assume a number of shapes , including cylindrical to club @-@ shaped , utriform ( like a wineskin bottle ) , to ventricose @-@ rostrate ( where the basal and middle portions are swollen and the apex extends into a beak @-@ like protrusion ) .
When Nellie finds them with the photos , she says that she lost everything when she broke up with him .
In 1977 , another investigation was undertaken by the States forensic labs of the Netherlands using up @-@ to @-@ date techniques , including gas chromatography , to formally confirm the origin of six van Meegeren forgeries that had been alleged to be genuine Vermeers , including the Emmaus and the Last Supper .
IGN considered the texture design to be one of the best created for the Nintendo 64 , saying that although some textures have a low resolution , they are " colorful and diverse " , which gives each area " its own unique look " .
Phil Minton set passages of the Wake to music , on his 1998 album [UNK] of Ecstasy .
At a party conference held between 11 and 13 June , then @-@ Minister for Public Administration and Local Government Mari Kiviniemi was elected the new party leader .
With Lucas ' 1983 divorce , which coincided with the sudden drop @-@ off in revenues from Star Wars licenses following the release of Return of the Jedi , they knew he would most likely sell the whole Graphics Group .
Right whales have between 200 and 300 baleen plates on each side of their mouths .
This was the largest concentration of artillery in a single warship in the Baltic at the time , perhaps in all of northern Europe , and it was not until the 1630s that a ship with more firepower was built .
As the Annual Average Daily Traffic ( AADT ) increased , the need for wider , all @-@ weather , paved roads became increasingly apparent .
The prologue begins with Max ( Hannah Telle ) being thrown into the vision of a lighthouse destroyed by a swelling tornado .
It is told that of all his father 's sons , Imru ' al @-@ Qais was the only one to take responsibility for avenging his father .
The warehouse finds the call unfair and Michael caves under pressure , and concedes the victory to the warehouse staff .
Maslany felt that , as one of her early attempts at sharing a scene with herself , she over @-@ thought the process : " I think I was trying too hard to get it right .
Although continental fashions in needlework were adopted in England , a number of popular styles were purely English in origin , including the embroidered linen jackets of the turn of the 17th century , stumpwork , and art needlework .
As Stoller recalled , Presley " was ' protected ' " by his manager and entourage . "
These views developed in tandem with another of Smuts 's fixations , his philosophical pursuit of the embodiment of unity .
Immensely popular forward Craig Conroy , who retired only a few weeks before the game , also took part for Calgary .
The two friars were captured and sacrificed .
Rates of homicide linked to psychosis are similar to those linked to substance misuse , and parallel the overall rate in a region .
In 1775 the College Surveyor drew attention to this problem , but to no avail .
His course notes became the basis for a book of the same name , published in 1948 .
The answer to this puzzle had to be that mental states were realized by different physical states in different species .
It includes some songs mentioned in the comic , such as Simon and Garfunkel 's " The Sound of Silence " and Leonard Cohen 's " Hallelujah " .
There are coal basins to the south of Nescopeck Mountain .
Rotten Tomatoes , a review aggregator , rated it 58 % fresh based on a total of 12 critic reviews while the public audience gave the film a rating of 80 % fresh .
@ 5 cm ( 0 @.
In August 2002 , Julian 's younger son , Charles J. Lewis , obtained a $ 250 @,@ 000 insurance policy in preparation for his impending deployment to Iraq as part of the United States Army Reserve .
At the time of the 2001 census , Llangoed ward ( which includes the parish of Penmon ) had a population of 1 @,@ 275 .
Dante entrusts him with Yamato before departing .
Those arms , however , are not continuous and have a segmented structure .
/ Well I feel like they 're talking in a language I don 't speak / And they 're talking it to me . "
It was renumbered in 1952 .
Article VI , Sec 10 of the new constitution stated that the credit of the state could not be loaned without the consent of the voters , making these promissory notes illegal .
Like many Australian languages , Wagiman does not [UNK] distinguish nouns from adjectives .
By 2000 , Juniper had developed five hardware systems and made seven new releases of its Junos operating system .
Dave Gibbons became an adviser on Snyder 's film , but Moore has refused to have his name attached to any film adaptations of his work .
A subsequent proposal to transfer the 66th Regiment from the Palaus , where it was being rebuilt after suffering heavy losses , to the Admiralties was also unsuccessful as IGHQ believed that the Eighteenth Army had greater need for this unit .
In the weeks leading up to Disco Demolition Night , Dahl promoted a number of anti @-@ disco public events , several of which became unruly .
At the time , he still attended East Lake High School , where he was about to play his junior year for the 2013 football team .
The New York Times observed that " ' Smells Like Teen Spirit ' could be this generation ’ s version of the Sex Pistols ' 1976 single , ' Anarchy in the U.K. ' , if it weren ’ t for the bitter irony that pervades its title , " and added , " As Nirvana knows only too well , teen spirit is routinely bottled , shrink @-@ wrapped and sold . "
Following the invasion of Ireland in the late 12th century , similar feelings were expressed about the Irish , with the distinctions clarified and reinforced in 14th @-@ century English legislation .
He served his sentence at the Union Correctional Institution .
Carnaby Street
The Lincoln Theatre was sold to developer Jeffrey Cohen in 1983 , who closed it for renovations .
@ 0 m ) wide .
However , studio sessions were generally unproductive and , after two weeks , yielded only one song recorded to the singer 's satisfaction — the Jim Abbiss @-@ produced " Take It All " , a lovelorn piano ballad not unlike the songs on 19 .
UPLB operates a 155 ha ( 380 @-@ acre ) science and technology park .
This was an effective scheme under typical North Atlantic weather conditions of fog and overcast .
[UNK] nauseating . "
The explosion of new bands and new musical styles coming from the UK in the late 1970s was a result of their efforts to make a living in the economic depression that hit the country before the governments of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
This included representing Fiji in the 1991 , 1999 , and 2003 Rugby World Cups .
The reigning champions Cambridge won by three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths in a time of 18 minutes 15 seconds , the third @-@ fastest winning time in history , and took the overall record to 58 – 45 in their favour .
Late in 2002 , two employees at ATI Technologies leaked a development version of Doom 3 onto the Internet .
The composer prefers to compose as he records , as he has little knowledge of reading and writing sheet music .
Although many of Davidson 's parishioners accepted that his London rescue mission was entirely honourable , some , including Major Hamond , were less convinced .
The third released single , " ( Straight to Your Heart ) Like a Cannonball " , was less successful and did not enter the Billboard Hot 100 .
After the opening celebration on 18 June 1844 , through services ran from London to Gateshead the following day .
The film is an outstanding achievement . "
The ship was working up for the rest of the year .
" As soon as I sat down with Nicolas , he explained this universe and world of the story , so we made the character into someone interested in owning a restaurant , someone who made some wrong decisions in his life , ending up in a bad place .
On 3 June 1993 , CPP leaders Chea Sim and Hun Sen met with Sihanouk and persuaded him to head an interim government with the CPP and FUNCINPEC as joint coalition partners .
It was first released in the United Kingdom on 20 September 2009 , followed by a release in the United States and other markets on 2 February 2010 .
Its peak of popularity occurred just prior to the second World War , when it was being exported to 37 countries .
Through the parkland , NY 128 bends northwest , running along the northern edge of the park , and passing Wampus Pond .
Also , a theory existed among influential naval leaders , including Dewey and Mahan , that many small battleships could be strategically useful , as were small ships of the line in the 18th and 19th centuries .
and Mobb Deep , with whom she collaborated on the single " The Roof ( Back in Time ) " ( 1998 ) .
The episode was watched by 8 @.
In the two experimental stories Bond is given something of a more human side , with " Quantum of Solace " evidencing Bond 's reaction to the Governor 's story by showing a compassionate side , as he sees the real life of Philip Masters and Rhoda Llewellyn as being more dramatic than his recent mission ; the forthcoming trip he has to make to the CIA , he now sees as " dull and unexciting " .
Late in the 1950s , Carson turned her attention to conservation , especially some environmental problems that she believed were caused by synthetic pesticides .
Philip II of Spain prepared for an invasion of England .
@ 6 km / s ( 103 @,@ 000 km / h or 64 @,@ 000 mph ) .
At the same time the cyclone entered an area with strong wind shear and thus began to weaken .
This , combined with disappointing average home crowds , resulted in a deficit of £ 1 @,@ 539 over the season .
@ 1 mix of the album and the entire 1976 Nassau Coliseum show on two CDs .
I made a point of improving my scoring record and I ’ ve done that slightly " in 2010 .
Upon collecting enough experience points in battle , either character can increase in level with improved stats such as strength and evasion .
After Croatia captured western Slavonia from the RSK in Operation Flash in early May , Owen and Stoltenberg invited Croatian and RSK officials to Geneva in an effort to revive the plan .
During the design process , there were many weight increases due to growth in the size of the citadel , armor thickness , additions to the ammunition stores , and the rearrangement of the boiler system .
: 750 – 751 P. fimbriata uses cryptic stalking even against some oddly @-@ shaped salticids such as the flattened [UNK] and the elongated , mantis @-@ like [UNK] longicauda .
@ 4 @-@ inch ( 340 mm ) guns and the ships which followed carrying two 12 @-@ inch and two 10 @.
Thank You for all the love and support you have shown and continue to show me .
Highland has historically been Lloyd 's largest population center .
In addition , Reno 's down @-@ to @-@ earth image contrasted with the wealthy corporate lawyer Baird and the socially prominent Wood .
In 1930 , disputes over finances between Disney and Powers led to Disney 's studio , reincorporated on December 16 , 1929 , as Walt Disney Productions , signing a new distribution contract with Columbia Pictures .
She made her maiden voyage under the Belgian flag the next day .
@ 50 in ) in width , on average .
For his 235 all @-@ purpose yards and touchdown reception , Trent Richardson was named the SEC Offensive Player of the Week .
He increased his body weight from 200 pounds ( 91 kg ) to 212 ( 96 ) — including 15 pounds ( 6 @.
Montgomery sent Bedel with a force to entrench themselves about a mile north of the fort .
The ship was assigned to the Austro @-@ Hungarian Fleet 's 1st Battle Squadron after her 1911 commissioning .
Likewise , another reviewer found it " an engaging and disturbing one @-@ night read that 's all the more astonishing because Vachss manages to explore and make his points about a wholly depressing topic without driving your moods into the sewer . "
After the game , Rainmen head coach Josep Clarós expressed his unhappiness with the calls made by the referees against his team .
Children with autism show a slightly different profile with deficits in adjusting to changing task contingencies , while often maintaining the ability to respond in the face of competing responses .
This arrangement was formally approved by the Combined Policy Committee meeting on 19 September 1944 .
Argyle returned to league action after their FA Cup ties on 16 January , looking for another three points against Crystal Palace but an early goal from young striker Victor Moses won the game for the visitors .
Later that day , Barbara weakened into a tropical storm due to strong wind shear .
It is known from the Notitia Urbis Constantinopolitanae that the XIV region , which comprised Blachernae , stood apart and was enclosed all around by a wall of its own .
Nevertheless , from around 1704 , when the kingdom passed on to " [UNK] " ( [UNK] ) Kanthirava Narasaraja II , the survival and expansion of the kingdom was achieved by playing a delicate game of alliance , negotiation , subordination on occasion , and annexation of territory in all directions .
Cincinnati added a run in the bottom of the fourth and managed to tie the game in the eighth as Billy Hatcher hit a triple and scored on a groundout .
Tanning of animal hides became established on Fleet Street owing to the nearby river , though this increased pollution leading to a ban on dumping rubbish by the mid @-@ 14th century .
Another more ambitious and dramatic video had originally been planned by Boutonnat .
Everett McKellar of Chelan won the contract to build the bridge , designed by Homer M. Hadley in 1956 .
Also in 1994 , the school began offering a minor in management .
Twenty minutes into the episode , there is a scene in which Pikachu stops " vaccine " missiles with its Thunderbolt attack , resulting in a huge explosion that flashes red and blue lights .
Schlag 's original design showed a three @-@ quarters view of Monticello , including a tree .
The southern limit of the ballcourt is formed by Structure Sub @-@ 1 , just over 11 metres ( 36 ft ) to the south of Structures Sub @-@ 2 and Sub @-@ 4 , creating a southern end @-@ zone that runs east – west and measures 23 by 11 metres ( 75 by 36 ft ) with a surface area of 264 square metres ( 2 @,@ 840 sq ft ) .
In 1925 , the US 46 designation was first proposed for a route in Colorado connecting Limon to Grand Junction , but it instead became US 40S .
Whereas Lefty embraces his new country 's customs , Desdemona is adamant that she will follow her old country 's ways .
This led to Eon Productions making the 2006 film Casino Royale .
Set in the late 16th century , the first act of the single @-@ player campaign begins with the player in the role of Morgan Black — of the Knights of Saint John — defending the last stronghold on Malta from Sahin " The Falcon " of the Ottoman Empire ( in a telling of the Great Siege of Malta ) .
@ 75 @-@ inch ( 44 mm ) Engstrem gun , for defense against torpedo boats .
@ 8 pm , b =
Some riders tried to escape for victory on the way into Arenzano , but the sprinters ' teams worked to keep the field together , and Mark Cavendish took another bunched sprint win over Tyler Farrar and Alessandro Petacchi .
While en route to Gibraltar for a Mediterranean cruise , Hood was rammed in the port side quarterdeck by the battlecruiser Renown on 23 January 1935 .
Bf4 [UNK] 13 .
He scored seven points in two regular season games , then 16 more in eight playoff games as the Eagles won the Turner Cup championship .
Les Moonves , President of CBS , stated on December 4 , 2007 , that Moonlight was likely to return for a second season .
Tanya tries to make up for upsetting Cora by replacing a bracelet she lost , but discovers a birth certificate for a sister she knew nothing about , Ava Anderton ( Clare Perkins ) .
At the 67th Annual Peabody Awards , 30 Rock received the Peabody Award for the show 's 2007 episodes .
Henry 's marriage to Anne of Cleves was quickly annulled on 9 July by the vice @-@ [UNK] synod , now led by Cranmer and Gardiner .
According to Charles Isherwood , Loman is the play 's dominant character because " It is his losing battle against spiritual and economic defeat that provides the narrative spine of the play . "
She learns that her human form is the latest container to hide a power stolen from the DomZ centuries ago in the hope that the High Priest , who must have spirit energy to survive , would starve to death .
Treatment is determined by the severity of symptoms and indicators of acute illness , the presence of underlying lung disease , the estimated size of the pneumothorax on X @-@ ray , and - in some instances - on the personal preference of the person involved .
The new taskforce involves 18 federal government departments .
W. W. Norton did not publicly retract or repudiate any of the material in Thompson 's book , however , instead sending a letter to the plaintiffs stating , in part , " To the extent you believe the book implies that any of you were engaged in a cover @-@ up , were incompetent , committed criminal acts , violated Naval regulations or exhibited faulty seamanship or professional ineptitude , Norton regrets the emotional distress experienced by you or your family . "
Data indicated that the wolves and dingo had just 2 copies of the gene , the Siberian Husky that is associated with hunter @-@ gatherers had just 3 – 4 copies , " whereas the Saluki , which was historically bred in the Fertile Crescent where agriculture originated , has 29 copies " .
Blount should have been benched for three to five games , giving him a break for being in an emotional spot after being provoked by Hout . "
@ 5 to 15 feet ( 4 @.
American singer @-@ songwriters Melissa [UNK] and Bill [UNK] wrote a song with the same title for Tyler , though she had already finalised the naming of the album and turned down the song .
How long Carpenter served with Sheridan is not currently known .
It originally aired on Fox in the United States on May 3 , 2009 .
While able to drive hard to the off or straight , usually with the ball kept down , Clem Hill scored chiefly on the leg side by skilful strokes perfectly timed and placed , the way in which he turned straight balls clear of fieldsmen being exceptional .
His rights were retained by the Red Claws .
In 1991 , a bisexual lawyer portrayed by Amanda Donohoe on L.A. Law shared the first significant lesbian kiss on primetime television with Michele Greene , stirring a controversy despite being labeled " chaste " by The Hollywood Reporter .
American Movie Classics considers Temple of Doom to be one of 1984 's best films .
In the following game , Wilson 's through pass assisted Andy Drury 's goal against Hayes & Yeading , and Wilson continued his impressive start to the season by assisting Chris Beardsley 's goal against Ebbsfleet United .
Digital music video
If she can shed her skin , then why is she wearing human clothes ?
@ 5 – 5 by 3 – 4 μm .
The hurricane also swept vessels aground into marshes and wharves between Gadsden 's Wharf and South Bay along the Cooper River .
In the second month of the 2010 – 11 season , Lucic recorded a natural hat @-@ trick on November 18 , 2010 , during a 4 – 0 win over the Florida Panthers .
There are two widespread standards for pressure measurement of diving gas .
It is then up to the courts to decide what will happen to it .
The 1884 – 85 English team , like most earlier tours , contained only professional cricketers ; less usually , the team contained nine players who , critics judged , would likely have been in a full @-@ strength England side .
Nigel Currie , director of sports marketing agency Brand Rapport , stated that " the whole process has been conducted badly with the supporters , but [ the name change ] is a pretty sound idea . "
This rivalry also leads some regions to adopt the opposite political cause to that chosen by their rivals .
He was hailed " The last great Victorian " , and a memorial service was held in St Paul 's Cathedral , 300 yards ( 270 m ) south of Postman 's Park , on 7 July 1904 .
Nobody 's Perfect " appears as the second track on Hannah Montana 2 with a duration of three minutes and twenty seconds .
The royalist army crossed the Desaguadero on June 20 , 1811 , starting the Battle of Huaqui .
They were preferred because of their strength , endurance , and cloven hooves which spread their weight in swampy areas .
Among the offices in this Main Street building in the early 1900s were a confectioner , a doctor , and an attorney .
Both sides were overextended in the exhaustive sea , air and land battles for Guadalcanal .
Critics writing for The Sunday Times said that the episode " really is best avoided by those of a nervous disposition " , and the sentiment was echoed in the Cheddar Valley Gazette , where it was suggested that the character of Andras " certainly warranted the warning of disturbing scenes " given before the episode .
You may disagree
The substance was inadvertently ingested after Öhlund took Diamox , a drug he had used previously while undergoing eye surgery .
Ford followed with 9 points , two points ahead of Dodge in fourth .
Knowing that Scepter had lied about the trust disappointed the Shirelles , who felt deceived .
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic wrote , " From the stilted production to the fashion fetish , all the way down to her decision to rap on far too much of the album , all the dance @-@ pop here seems like a pose . "
" Animal " is a song performed by Swedish indie pop band Miike Snow .
" I 'm Not a Girl , Not Yet a Woman " achieved moderate commercial success .
He founded or assisted in establishing several schools , churches , and parks in the village , and rebuilt its train station in 1906 .
Comedic actor Jason Sudeikis , who appeared in this episode as Floyd DeBarber , was at the time a main cast member of Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) .
Referred to as " Nightingale " , actor Richard Armitage has said that " India , Pakistan and China feature heavily .
Australia was regarded as a chance of a medal , but were not seen as the main threats , with Sweden , Great Britain and the Soviet Union the most heavily fancied teams .
Gay is a four @-@ time U.S. champion in the 100 m .
Thüringen was taken by France ; the ship was nearly scuttled by her crew while en route to Cherbourg in 1920 .
She was commissioned into the Pacific Fleet in 1943 .
The story takes place in 2011 and follows the Harmon family : psychiatrist Ben ( Dylan McDermott ) , his wife Vivien ( Connie Britton ) , and their teenage daughter Violet ( Taissa Farmiga ) , who move from Boston to Los Angeles after Vivien has a miscarriage and Ben had an affair .
Her return to acting in a series of ' issue @-@ driven ' films reflected this new focus .
The band 's music on Plans was described by the Dallas Morning News as " a literate , whispery style , the kind of stuff that normally sounds better in headphones than in large venues " .
He rejects the notion of protection by senior officers on the grounds that Scott was not important or well @-@ connected enough to warrant this .
Since the early 1980s , this method has been the subject of intensive worldwide research .
Chris Cayford – lead guitar
A significant form of marketing was done by the release of videos .
The junior assistant Scoutmaster ( [UNK] ) is a 16- or 17 @-@ year @-@ old Scout who performs the same duties as an assistant Scoutmaster ; the scribe takes minutes at patrol leaders council meetings and troop meetings and is often responsible for taking attendance and collecting money or dues ; the quartermaster maintains the troop 's equipment ; the librarian maintains the troop library ; the chaplain aide works with the troop chaplain and promotes the religious program in the troop ; the troop historian maintains photos and records of troop functions , meetings and outings ; a den chief works with a den of Cub Scouts , assisting the den leaders and helps retain Cub Scouts when they cross over into Boy Scouts ; the troop guide is a senior Scout who provides guidance to new Scout patrols ; the Leave No Trace Coordinator ensures the Scouts are trained in and follow Leave No Trace Guidelines ; the Order of the Arrow representative provides a line of communication between the Order of the Arrow and the troop ; the bugler provides music as needed ; the instructor teaches Scout skills .
Additionally , the title of the third part of the series , Kafka , refers to the Austrian writer Franz Kafka , and a translation of the first line of his 1915 novella The Metamorphosis appears in the beginning of the volume .
Allingham 's surviving daughter , Betty Hankin , 89 , attended the funeral , with several members of her family .
Kneale delivered his script , initially titled Breakthrough and later renamed The Stone Tape , in September 1972 .
@ 9 mi ) .
Though he garnered fame for his books Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams and Boy Wonder , after the controversy surrounding publication of his novel , Tim and Pete , he faced increasing difficulty having his work published .
Timothy C. Shiell of the University of Wisconsin – Stout reviewed it for The Historian and wrote , " Michael Kent Curtis offers a major contribution to the scholarship of both that era and of free speech . "
Karl Joseph Franz , Graf u .
He recorded 22 saves in his first 24 chances and was named to the All @-@ Star Game in which he threw a scoreless eighth inning in the contest , a 3 – 1 victory over the AL .
Hundreds of laborers could be employed to work on a single luxury item , such as a lacquered cup or screen .
Prior to cancellation , some fans , worried about low ratings , formed the Firefly Immediate Assistance campaign whose goal was to support the production of the show by sending in postcards to Fox .
There are only empirical equations to relate surface tension and temperature :
In October 2013 , Kinky Boots had the second highest premium @-@ price tickets on Broadway behind only The Book of Mormon .
@ 87 million viewers and received a 3 @.
York City Clubman of the Year : 2007 – 08
Milan gained entry to the competition by finishing third in the 2005 – 06 Serie A. Milan had originally finished second in Serie A , but were docked 30 points for their part in a match @-@ fixing scandal .
The Temescal Creek valley constitutes a major portion and physiographic feature of the Santa Ana River watershed .
In addition , officials set up tents to house 40 @,@ 000 homeless persons .
Agni , the god of fire , wealth and creative energy , has same @-@ sex sexual encounters that involve accepting semen from other gods .
Jon Bream of the Star Tribune reported : " For most movie soundtracks , producers negotiate with record companies , managers and lawyers for the services of big @-@ name singers .
In total , at least 74 @,@ 187 Indian soldiers died in World War I.
Short furrows are present at the corners of the mouth .
The Governess , or The Little Female Academy ( 1820 )
Jason Voorhees , the masked assailant from the Friday the 13th franchise , wears a gunny sack over his head in Friday the 13th Part 2 ( 1981 ) , much similar to the Phantom 's with the exception of Jason only having one eye @-@ hole on the sack , whereas the Phantom has two eye @-@ holes .
Avenged is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company .
The rest of the militia formed a rectangular formation along the edges of the bluff surrounding the camp .
It is sold plain , with za 'atar , or in olive oil .
Māori participation in European sports was particularly evident in rugby and the country 's team performs a haka , a traditional Māori challenge , before international matches .
He praised the presentation , yet criticized the poor camera control and collision detection ; in spite of the recommendation in the preview , he felt that the premise would appeal to fans of the cartoon , but that the game may not .
For the performance , she donned a sequined white dress , and entered the stage in a pink convertible car .
Nevertheless , this was remarkable for the disjointed Greek world , especially since many of the city @-@ states in attendance were still technically at war with each other .
In May 1960 , Dylan dropped out of college at the end of his first year .
Gešovski 's death sparked demonstrations in the Macedonian capital , Skopje , in June .
Hassett had scored five half @-@ centuries in the five preceding matches of the season , including three in four innings against Grimmett ’ s South Australia , and ended the Australian summer with 897 runs at 74 @.
The manager commented that this was " no ordinary presidential campaign " and that Barr would do well because " America is swamped in Libertarian information . "
He appeared in back @-@ to @-@ back games on June 17 and 18 : a 6 – 4 loss to Pittsburgh the first day , and a 5 – 4 win for New York on the second .
According to the Sunday Mirror , an interview for BBC 's Doctor Who website that was taken down after his departure revealed that Eccleston had planned to stay for two or three more years .
AD 46 – AD 120 ) more than a century after the incident took place .
Tessa 's death was a turning point in Highlander : The Series .
Whilst this version of Windows Mobile does not natively support capacitive screens , mobile manufacturers have been able to use them on their devices
Junayd 's army was attacked by the Turgesh in the pass , and although the Umayyad army managed to extricate itself from the pass and reach Samarkand , it suffered enormous casualties ( some 25 @,@ 000 – 30 @,@ 000 men ) , while Sawra 's 12 @,@ 000 men , who had been commanded to attack the Turgesh in the rear in a relief effort , were almost annihilated .
The historic vessels of M Shed museum , which include the steam tug Mayflower , [UNK] [UNK] and motor tug John King , are periodically operated .
The two sides played a single , three @-@ day match , which was won by Transvaal by six wickets .
Another factor was that his Lodestar , although it had been damaged in the attack on Broome , was considered the most suitable plane for the evacuation mission .
The producers liked it but did not fully understand what the show was about .
He had just stopped on the Broome Airfield to refuel when Broome was attacked by nine Japanese Zero fighter planes on a long @-@ distance raid from Kupang , Timor .
San Diego was named the ninth @-@ most LGBT @-@ friendly city in the U.S. in 2013 .
He moved to Detroit , Michigan as a child in April 1888 .
Clegg W ( 1998 ) .
Bo Xilai ( born 3 July 1949 ) is a Chinese former politician .
Travel writer John Pilkington includes the book in his " Top 10 writer 's reads " in Geographical magazine , observing that it is " still unmatched after nearly 50 years in print " , and describing it as a " hilarious and nicely understated description of an ill @-@ fated journey " .
However , light therapy may have a role for individuals whose acne has been resistant to topical medications .
Doughty was elevated into a role where he was expected to shut down the opposition 's top forwards , forcing him to focus more on his defensive play than his offensive .
One of the likely models for Le Chiffre was the influential English occultist , astrologer , mystic and ceremonial magician Aleister Crowley , on whose physical features Fleming based Le Chiffre 's .
Bi 'ina , which was also fortified , withstood a siege by Zahir in 1739 , but Zahir later married the daughter of Bi 'ina 's mukhtar ( headman ) , and thus brought Bi 'ina into his domain .
The university received a budget of 10 million baht ( roughly US $ 280 @,@ 000 ) , and the government contractors , alleged to be the same group that recommended damming another river , received 94 million baht ( roughly US $ 2 @,@ 700 @,@ 000 ) , raising suspicions .
The appearances of the main characters were inspired by those of actors and other entertainers , who were typically selected from the show business directory Spotlight .
In Pit , John Kerr arrived in a carriage against an ocean background , which I felt was more representative of the unconscious .
The Central Weather Bureau of the Republic of China issued land and marine typhoon warnings for areas of northern Taiwan in anticipation of Saomai 's outer bands .
The game utilises the same Silicon Graphics technology from the original , which features the use of pre @-@ rendered 3D imagery .
His lack of education contributed to a feeling of alienation at school , which resulted in him regularly playing truant at Sefton Park .
Trautmann attended the evening 's post @-@ match banquet ( where Alma Cogan sang to the players ) despite being unable to move his head , and went to bed expecting his injury to heal with rest .
By the time of later ethnographic accounts , such as Métraux ( 1940 ) , much of what Routledge recorded in her notes had been forgotten , and the oral history showed a strong external influence from popular published accounts .
The force had been gradually patrolling , when 6 kilometres ( 3 @.
Damon dated his Good Will Hunting co @-@ star Minnie Driver .
This battle is notable as the first recorded conflict between the invading peoples : previous battles recorded in the Chronicle are between the Anglo @-@ Saxons and the native Britons .
On August 12 , 2005 , Abdur @-@ Rahim signed a free @-@ agent contract with the Sacramento Kings .
It 's what makes us special . "
The film also had multiple nominations at the MTV Movie Awards , Satellite Awards , Chicago Film Critics Association Awards , and Golden Globe Awards , among others .
While interviewed by Claire Brand from Inside Soap , Bose said that Paul visits Ivan to give him back a CD he left over his house and " both of them realise that they don 't have anything left to say to each other . "
[UNK] [UNK] and [UNK] Kutty were the [UNK] and Mridangam players for " Paattum Naane " respectively .
Sviatoslav , prince of Kiev , commanded the next attack , which destroyed the Khazar state in 965 .
Late on the evening of March 2 , Grant 's men were landed on Hutchinson Island .
Mega called Space Station Defender 's concept " incredibly daft " .
In the week leading up to the race , a meeting between the teams at Ferrari 's headquarters in Maranello resulted in the formation of a new representative body , the Formula One Teams Association ( FOTA ) , which was led by Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo .
As of October 2014 John O 'Shea is the most capped player for the club , making 100 appearances for the Republic of Ireland .
@ 7 in ) thick steel plate .
He attributed this political shift to his experience as a Cabinet Minister in the 1964 – 1970 Labour Government .
The entire expedition 's diet was quickly revised , and the trouble was thereafter contained .
@ 4 yards per attempt .
The funeral of the late Capt.
Although the American Civil War did not itself transform the United States from a largely agrarian to an urban society , it gave great impetus to a change already under way , especially in the North .
Catrin Griffiths writing for the Daily Express said the serial came back in style after its summer break in the UK , owing to storylines such as Ruby 's binge drinking .
Scientist Seth Shostak described the book 's science as " fanciful but impossible to dismiss " .
And just from the sides alone in the pilot , I could tell she was such a well developed character .
The population on the US Naval Base at Guantánamo Bay has been estimated at 2 @,@ 000 to 3 @,@ 000 individuals , and the animals are treated well and protected by US forces stationed at the base .
Kylie was certified seven times platinum in the UK and has sold over 7 million copies worldwide .
Situated in a wing known as the " [UNK] della Meridiana " , this gallery contains a collection of theatrical costumes dating from the 16th century until the present .
That duel was passed by HMS Culloden and Prince George , which engaged San Julián and compelled her to surrender around 1 : 00 am .
Later , he voiced Ultraman Zero again in the movie , Ultraman Zero : The Revenge of Belial .
Living up to her nicknames , young Anastasia grew into a vivacious and energetic child , described as short and inclined to be chubby , with blue eyes and strawberry @-@ blonde hair .
Edinburgh Univ Pubs Science & Maths , No 3b .
Although most Czech vocabulary is based on shared roots with Slavic , Romance , and Germanic languages , many loanwords ( most associated with high culture ) have been adopted in recent years .
The next scheduled match was a singles match for the WWF Intercontinental Title between The Godfather ( champion ) and the Blue Blazer .
As an extension of the Everglades ecosystem , much of the park was originally proposed to be included in Everglades National Park , but was excluded in order to obtain a consensus for the establishment of the Everglades park in 1947 .
They are elongated and have paired sac @-@ like gills , small eyes and specialised scraping teeth .
The BBC have said : " During his record @-@ breaking time on the hit soap , Roache 's character has led a life full of incident " .
Airborne troops captured the Fornebu Airport and completed the encirclement of the city , and by 14 : 00 on 10 April it was in German hands .
2 Elementary Flying Training School was formed as No.
According to Nielsen SoundScan , " Touch My Body " has sold over 1 @,@ 459 @,@ 000 copies in the United States as of August 15 , 2010 .
She subsequently modelled professionally in London , working for freelance agencies and appearing regularly at London Fashion Week .
The Birmingham Americans were a professional American football team located in Birmingham , Alabama .
Inspired by live instrumentation , turntablism , and classic soul music , Tony !
St. Louis Post @-@ Dispatch writer Paul Hampel commended Blur for having " taken a bold step [ with Modern Life ] – backward " , and pointed to their attempt at " a communion with past masters of smart , satirical Brit pop " .
Although it was raining , the ceremony was attended by approximately 30 @,@ 000 people ( including notable figures such as Willie Mays , Robin Williams , and Barbra Streisand ) and included a 20 @-@ minute speech made by Clinton , who had recently undergone bypass surgery .
The panels are neither signed nor dated , and have proved especially difficult to attribute .
By this time , it was clear that Blamey intended to cut off and destroy the 51st Division .
Shortly after her arrival , the town was struck by cholera , a disease which had reached Panama in 1849 .
The damage proved to be beyond economical repair , and so she was broken up for scrap .
By 14 : 35 , Scheer had been warned of the Grand Fleet 's approach and , unwilling to engage the whole of the Grand Fleet just 11 weeks after the decidedly close call at Jutland , turned his forces around and retreated to German ports .
He has described himself instead as quiet , and interviewers confirm that he is a " man of few words " , with one interviewer calling him " surprisingly shy " .
Scottish born Australian entomologist John S. Clark published one synonym – Myrmecia fasciata , now considered a junior synonym .
The detail variations across the class meant the " Urie N15s " were placed into store over the winters of 1949 and 1952 .
The loading took six men about twenty @-@ five minutes , the unloading ten minutes .
The Austrians avoided further conflict until the arrival of the Russians bolstered Allied numbers .
Despite this , she included a five @-@ page epilogue in the 2010 bunkoban release of the entire series .
In 2007 , Brown played in ten games as a reserve .
The race was the fifth round of the 2015 season and marked the forty @-@ fifth running of the Spanish Grand Prix as a round of the Formula One World Championship and the twenty @-@ fifth running at Catalunya .
Three days after Virginia Tech was selected for the Music City Bowl , Beamer ended speculation by publicly turning down Clemson and South Carolina .
Costume designer Robert Blackman was concerned over the re @-@ creation of the Klingon uniforms seen in The Original Series as he thought that the metallic material used would be nearly impossible to create accurately .
Mulder receives a call from Scully , who tells him that the Bounty Hunter seeks an exchange for Samantha .
Universal is apparently planning a film and reportedly has a list of actresses and models being considered to play Mansfield , including Ashley Benson , Sienna Miller , Holly Madison , Kate Upton , Kelly Rohrbach , Marisa Miller , Dakota Blue Richards , Hailey Clauson , Holly Willoughby and Charlotte McKinney .
In 2009 , he surpassed his own mark and re @-@ set the ACC single @-@ season kickoff return record at 1 @,@ 309 yards .
Amy and Rory depart while River threatens the Dalek before shooting and destroying it .
No other city has done this in America , " Daley recalled in 2009 .
Rosa was to write or commission the music , and Euphrosyne [UNK] @-@ Rosa , his wife and an old friend of Gilbert 's , was to sing the role of the Plaintiff , as part of a season of English opera that Rosa planned to present at the Drury Lane Theatre .
What does it mean to prove a mathematical theorem and how does one know whether a mathematical proof is correct ?
The album also exists in numerous other formats and rereleases , including a Super Audio CD version , a 25th anniversary edition ( 2001 – Epic / Legacy # [UNK] ) with two bonus tracks ( " Great [UNK] of Fire ( live intro ) " [ 3 : 54 ] and " Bat Out of Hell ( live ) " [ 11 : 10 ] , and a Bat Out of Hell : Revamped release ( 1993 ) featuring the bonus song " Dead Ringer for Love " .
The A.V.
Architecture and cobbled streets in Old Montreal have been maintained or restored and are frequented by horse @-@ drawn buggies carrying tourists .
In his 2015 syndicated article " Think Of The Children " , Michael Reagan criticized the phrase 's use by politicians .
During the first half of 1956 , the production facilities were as busy as they had been in a half @-@ decade .
George Woodbine and a detachment of Royal Marines were landed from HMS Orpheus in May 1814 with gifts , two thousand muskets and blankets for the Indians .
In a desperate act of defiance , Shirohebi has Shiranui spirit away the Okabe clan 's last surviving heir during Orochimaru 's attack who , when grown , takes on the name " Jiraiya " to fight Orochimaru .
In a positive review of the episode in Family Guy , Volume 3 , Dan MacIntosh of PopMatters praised the performance of Chris :
I think that 's where I want to go on this one .
He returned to pitch for the Indians on May 25 in a relief role , but he appeared in only nine games that season .
but preserves their product [UNK] .
The citation noted that he was now " among the leading amateur cricketers of the day " , and was likely to play for England again .
Jauréguiberry was in the Mediterranean when World War I began and she spent most of 1914 escorting troop convoys from North Africa and India to France .
Following the incident , the government offered dialogue with opposition and ordered army to withdraw from Pearl Roundabout .
Two months later , she performed the song on US music TV show [UNK] .
Everybody asks if we 're out of it , and I said , ' We 're going to do the best we can .
Carlsen 's victory in the C group qualified him to play in the B group in 2005 , and it led Lubomir Kavalek , writing for the Washington Post , to give him the title " Mozart of chess " .
Racing continued in Manchester with events such as Agecroft Regatta and Warburton Regatta .
Abdominal wriggling is considered to be of startle value and discouraging to predators .
They also had the power to repair and preserve temples , sewers and aqueducts , to maintain public records , and to issue edicts .
A levee is situated on the creek in Edwardsville Township , as are flumes and conduits .
A previous solo veteran flight had been made on Soyuz 1 in 1967 by Soviet cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov .
John Lindow states that most details about Hel , as a figure , are not found outside of Snorri 's writing in Gylfaginning , and says that when older skaldic poetry " says that people are ' in ' rather than ' with ' Hel , we are clearly dealing with a place rather than a person , and this is assumed to be the older conception , " that the noun and place Hel likely originally simply meant " grave , " and that " the personification came later . "
During the 1930 offseason , he led a team of MLB players on an exhibition trip to Cuba .
@ 9 points , 3 @.
Schaller has also written hundreds of magazine articles , and dozens of books and scientific articles about tigers , jaguars , cheetahs and leopards , as well as wild sheep and goats , rhinoceroses , and flamingos .
The sheet of notepaper with the scrawled lyrics had been expected to fetch up to £ 80 @,@ 000 at the auction , which was scheduled for 30 April 2002 .
In th 2015 movie Bridge of Spies , inspired by two real life events : the Abel v. United States process and the 1960 U @-@ 2 incident , the Soviet alleged spy Rudolf Abel appreciates Shostakovich 's music .
The earthquake was felt as far away as New Plymouth and Invercargill .
His family had originally settled in Nansemond County in 1691 .
Ghost Stories was a pulp magazine which published 64 issues between 1926 and 1932 .
All four members had backgrounds linking into their local Long Island independent and hardcore music scenes , but with influences from an array of artists ranging from Buddy Rich to the Archers of Loaf .
With their volume turned up , the appealing , impeccably professional Mr. Firth and Mr.
Misled by Delacroix after witnessing Baert still active in the Clockwork City of Goug , Ramza and Mustadio encounter Agrias under pursuit from the Cardinal 's forces .
Its rotation is relatively fast for an asteroid ( 5 @.
McClintock also found that the transposition of Ds is determined by the number of Ac copies in the cell .
Aston Villa 's first trophy for 37 years came in the 1956 – 57 season when another former Villa player , Eric Houghton led the club to a then record seventh FA Cup Final win , defeating the ' Busby Babes ' of Manchester United in the final .
Nostalgia 's a funny old thing , isn 't it ? "
He was then cited and released .
@ 01 to 9 @.
There was a sister too , born one year after Reich , but she died in infancy .
Similarly , The Green Building Initiative ( GBI ) ' s Green Globes program awards points to sites that take measures to decrease a building 's energy consumption and reduce the heat island effect .
First , there is share @-@ level security that controls access to your WinFS share .
However , fifteen demos of her songs were leaked to the Internet between November and December 2014 , which led the singer to release six completed tracks onto iTunes as pre @-@ order for the album on December 20 , 2014 .
Early pioneer of the dinosaur @-@ bird connection Robert T. Bakker has quipped that the feathery quills added to the Velociraptor for Jurassic Park III " looked like a [UNK] 's toupee . "
He did , however , accept the post when it was offered to him in 1811 by Elbridge Gerry .
@ 2 .
No.
With Gabon in hand , de Gaulle sent Leclerc to Chad , the only Free French territory that shared a border with territory controlled by Axis Powers , along its Sahara Desert border with Italian @-@ controlled Libya .
The teams finished close to each other in the final polls : In the Coaches Poll , USC received 1380 votes to Georgia 's 1370 ; and in the AP Poll Georgia received 1515 to USC 's 1500 .
By contrast , the MFR assessed that the system remained a tropical depression and placed the circulation farther inland .
Despite ineffectual long @-@ range gunfire towards the British ship by the remainder of the Spanish squadron , the isolated Santa Dorotea was rapidly forced to surrender , O 'Neil eventually turning the other three frigates back towards Cartagena .
MacroMaker had a unique user interface , which aimed to look and act like a tape recorder .
A team of code breakers stationed at Bletchley Park was responsible for breaking each new code as quickly as possible to provide advance information on German plans and troop movements .
After an address by the Queen , the Parliament of New South Wales presented a ceremonial mace to the National Assembly to recognise the links between Wales and New South Wales .
Hunlock Creek has one named tributary , which is known as Roaring Brook .
The defeat at Ostend did not entirely dampen the exuberant British media and public reaction to Zeebrugge , but in the Admiralty and particularly in the Allied Naval and Marine Forces the failure to completely neutralise Bruges rankled .
The field strength is greatly affected by nearby conducting objects , and it is particularly intense when it is forced to curve around sharply pointed objects .
The impedance of an inductor is given by ,
During the summer break of 1911 , Stojanović travelled across Bosanska Krajina lecturing in villages .
Major urinary proteins ( Mups ) , also known as [UNK] @-@ globulins , are a subfamily of proteins found in abundance in the urine and other secretions of many animals .
The beam allows the land @-@ bound creature to transform back into its jellyfish @-@ like form , and it flies into orbit to join its fellow being .
There is hardly a shipwreck in history or fiction which does not mention splitting , in which the ship is not lightened of its cargo , in which the passengers do not give themselves up for lost , in which north winds are not sharp , and in which no one gets to shore by clinging to wreckage " , and goes on to say that " Strachey 's account of the shipwreck is blended with memories of Saint Paul 's – in which too not a hair perished – and with Erasmus ' colloquy . "
Cough
H. reaumuri can spend up to ten months of the year returning to the surface to forage , which is far longer than species which do not dig burrows , such as [UNK] vulgare or Armadillo officinalis .
Here with Me " , the album 's lead single , topped the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart for thirteen weeks and the Billboard Hot Christian AC chart for ten weeks .
Whether film noir qualifies as a distinct genre is a matter of ongoing debate among scholars .
They were unable to persuade the commission to recommend an independent air force , although it did agree that the Air Corps should be granted greater autonomy within the Army .
Flames could be seen as far away as Corvallis .
Glasgow , Brook & Company .
He was known for his surging runs up the pitch and was equally skilled at heading the ball and at striking fierce long @-@ range shots .
From there , the firm evolved through various partnerships and , in 1908 , Holden & Frost moved into the business of minor repairs to car upholstery .
@ 5 mi ) is a prominent visitor attraction for the people of Mannargudi .
At the time , Independence Hall was also used as a courthouse , and African @-@ American newspapers pointed out the incongruity of housing a symbol of liberty in the same building in which federal judges were holding hearings under the Fugitive Slave Act .
First of all , El Salvador took 20 players to the World Cup , leaving behind Gilberto Quinteros and Miguel González .
Steve Zakuani ( born February 9 , 1988 ) is a Congolese former association football player .
Belfield is a local road managed by the City of Toronto and runs from Kipling Avenue to Atwell Drive .
Radama was opposed to this practice and asked the brothers to help ensure his accession to the throne with minimum bloodshed on the day of the queen 's death .
With this kind of creativity , this series could easily end in a way that makes the entire series one seamless tapestry . "
The underground punk rock movement inspired countless bands that either evolved from a punk rock sound or brought its outsider spirit to very different kinds of music .
In youth , Salinger attended public schools on the West Side of Manhattan .
She takes me back to her crib — so we invent sex together . "
On 9 June , Restigouche was ordered to Le Havre , France to evacuate British troops , but none were to be found and the ship investigated the small port of Saint @-@ Valery @-@ en @-@ Caux some 40 miles ( 64 km ) northeast of Le Havre on 11 June .
Because of complaints by the public , " Farley 's Follies " were reproduced in large numbers .
He also presided over the elimination of a projected $ 1 @.
Behind the main line of resistance was a [UNK] ( battle zone ) , a second defensive area 1 @,@ 500 – 2 @,@ 500 yards ( 1 @,@ 400 – 2 @,@ 300 m ) deep , also sited as far as possible on ground hidden from enemy observation , while in view of German artillery observers .
Many of the forces assigned to Deny Flight were transferred to Operation Decisive Endeavor , to provide support for new IFOR peacekeepers in Bosnia .
[UNK] include the bélè [UNK] , bélè [UNK] , bélè [UNK] and the bélè [UNK] .
The prologue to the work describes it as something to be used privately , and thus Sharpe feels that it was not intended to be a publicly published work ; instead Barre may have intended it for Longchamp 's private use in preparing sermons .
The only incident to ground all the [UNK] trains occurred on the 17 June 2000 at Nelaug when a Class 73 train operated by NSB derailed because of stress on the axle .
Wu and Yuan moved to the East Coast of the United States , where Wu became a faculty member at Smith College , a prestigious private women 's college in Northampton , Massachusetts , while Yuan worked on radar for RCA .
@ 8 in ) wide .
Kawada said that she was challenged in writing lyrics for the song , since her previous single " Get My Way " was different from her previous singles .
@ 5 % ) , for a total white winning percentage of 59 @.
Significant damage also occurred to roads in the country , which was still in need of repairs as late as January 1985 .
Hakluyt 's great collection has been called " the Prose Epic of the modern English nation " by historian James Anthony Froude .
During the Great Depression , he argues , Lincoln served " as a means for seeing the world 's disappointments , for making its sufferings not so much explicable as meaningful " .
Alternatively , players may select one of two " giant " characters , who cannot be played as part of a team .
" Take Off ! "
Yadin prepared reinforcements , and gave an order : " No point should be abandoned .
On the May 11 , 2007 , episode of SmackDown !
Subsequently the light horsemen captured 300 prisoners and two machine guns .
Sergeant Doolan Downing is commemorated on panel 17 of the New Zealand Memorial to the Missing on Chunuk Bair , along with his commanding @-@ officer , Lt Col William George Malone , who died aged 56 , and more than 300 other men of his battalion .
The annual rainfall of this area is 2 @,@ 911 millimetres .
A shallow rock @-@ hewn ditch extends from No.
Settling in Nova Scotia , he attended King 's Collegiate School to complete his matriculation , after which he attended King 's College , from which he earned a Bachelor of Civil Law and later a Doctor of Civil Law .
Weiss picked up another first down by running the ball , pushing the Falcons inside the Tech red zone with 10 : 10 remaining .
It is also the northernmost point of growth of some Mediterranean plant species .
Henry was present in Portsmouth at the time and the Cowdray engraving of the battle depicts him visiting Southsea Castle .
For self @-@ governance purposes , the city is divided into 17 boroughs , each of which has its own mayor ( starosta ) and council .
As of 2009 , the median black male income was $ 23 @,@ 738 , compared to the median white non @-@ Hispanic male income of $ 36 @,@ 785 .
After Mitt Romney embarked on a similar campaign bus tour , Thompson accused Romney of " copying " his idea .
After Bachelot received Murphy 's message , Bachelot and Short decided to return to Hawaii .
After attending Eothen School and St Paul 's Girls ' School , she entered the Royal College of Music , where she developed her skills as a conductor and won several prizes for composing .
The team hoped that by adding choices , they could add additional depth and meaning to the game 's campaign .
Trickett was three inches taller than Rush , and had a longer reach .
She died as an infant and was sent to Soul Society with her older sister , Hisana .
It was not until 1973 – 74 , when a series of more than 3 @,@ 500 police raids resulted in over 2 @,@ 500 arrests and over 1 @,@ 800 kilograms ( 4 @,@ 000 lb ) of seized drugs , that the Triads ' power began to wane .
Cartier won by acclamation , but Riel 's hopes for a swift resolution to the amnesty question were dashed following Cartier 's death on 20 May 1873 .
In 1974 , the eastern terminus of DE 18 was cut back to its current location in Georgetown , with an extended US 9 replacing the route between Georgetown and Five Points and US 9 Bus.
@ 5 % of all households in 2000 from 25 @.
The program is documented at the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown , New York .
In the 1920s , the castle 's foundations were secured through reinforcement with concrete .
Despite a meek outward appearance , Ned hides an exceptionally well @-@ toned physique .
Had he chosen not to go , the NFL would have imposed a $ 900 @,@ 000 fine .
As Julia never posed any significant threat to land , damage related to the storm was minimal .
The main feud on the SmackDown !
77 Squadron .
The Sugababes performed " Caught in a Moment " on 12 August 2004 at the Bristol International Balloon Fiesta , which is one of Europe 's biggest balloon festivals .
A month before the election , Pryce was 12 points behind Kilroy .
@ 8 in ) Breda Model 35 AA guns , also in twin mounts .
Prior to Johnson 's apology , Culbreth was criticized by Yankees announcers John Sterling and [UNK] Waldman , neither of whom was aware of what had been said on the field .
@ 2 , 57 @.
Since the dawn of the 20th century historians of manga — Japanese comics and cartooning — have developed narratives connecting the art form to pre @-@ 20th @-@ century Japanese art .
An issue of People disclosed Washington 's presence at executive counseling , which led to an undetermined hiatus of his contract .
The episode was Coulter 's first credit for the series , and he would return to helm " The Pest House " and " Siren " later in the second season . "
He was adamant that she was not to know she was being sent to France to be examined as a prospective bride for Charles , and refused permission for her to be examined in the nude , customary at the time .
Upon the premiere , critics gave the music video mixed reviews .
Breckinridge sent Witcher and his men of the 34th on ahead of the main force and ordered them to harass the Union forces .
It took part in the Inchon Landings and the advance north until Chinese forces counter @-@ attacked and almost overwhelmed the scattered division .
New Super Mario Bros. contains eighteen minigames for single players and ten minigames for multiple players .
Men without property , who were thereby excluded from the qualifying social classes of the adsidui , were exempted from military service on the grounds that they were too poor to provide themselves with any arms whatsoever .
The main disadvantage with the class was the small windows , as the trains were designed for commuter traffic rather than sight @-@ seeing .
Aviation interests have their own set of weather maps .
In 1966 Burnet wrote an opinion article for The Lancet entitled " Men or Molecules ? "
In 1402 she sent a compilation of her literary argument [UNK] du Roman de la Rose — in which she questions the concept of courtly love — with a letter exclaiming " I am firmly convinced the feminine cause is worthy of defense .
Spain 's Telecinco / Moreno Films supplied the rest of the budget .
He returned 10 days later , but the injury lingered , and he was removed from a game against the Pirates on May 26 to be examined by Robert Hyland , the Cardinals ' physician .
He praised its detailed sprites and their animations along with the " Tecmo Theater " concept , noting that the cutscenes " help supply a lot of atmosphere " .
While Seaver ended his career with an overall career ERA of 2 @.
Writing in 2010 , Roger [UNK] stressed Friday 's immediate and profound impact on the Reading team as a key factor in his lasting popularity : " It was like the comic @-@ book stories that kids from Robin 's era would have read " , he wrote . "
Though generally seen as a supporter of the King , Koniecpolski opposed some of his plans aimed at increasing royal power in the Commonwealth and weakening the Golden Liberty of the nobility .
But he praised several later scenes , like the fight between Joel and Zeek , Crosby 's reaction to max 's tantrum , and Joel 's ambivalence about having another child .
Some schools were closed and events canceled in the region .
She was towed to San Francisco , where four years of decontamination experiments at the Hunters Point Naval Shipyard failed to produce satisfactory results .
In March 2013 , Salinero was retired .
The Defense Department rejected the request , and the AP administratively appealed .
Upon Isabella 's death , the princesses had been cared for by Archduchess Margaret .
Sarah Harding – co @-@ lead vocals
At the news conference , Takayama bowed as he apologised for the " highly inappropriate disposal " of the losses .
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities ; it is followed throughout the United Kingdom and , as of 2014 , broadcast worldwide .
During her childhood , Otto and her friends wrote scripts and designed costumes and flyers in their spare time .
The cross was badly damaged again in March 2012 , when a taxi crashed into it late at night demolishing two sides .
In addition , Belldandy topped the Animage character polls for many months and was placed third on the all time Best Character list at the 17th Anime Grand Prix held in 1993 .
@ 000 m ² office space , and is home to the country 's central bank .
By 1950 , the educational plant at UH consisted of 12 permanent buildings .
As the hero 's level increases , players can explore further afield with less risk .
John Cage — In The Name Of The Holocaust video of performance by Margaret Leng Tan
According to Jeannette 's description in Time magazine : " What a mess !
He never sought to explain the symphony as a response to a political or historical event .
The script for the play is published by Samuel French , Inc .
Despite being hampered by hand and wrist injuries suffered in fights , Armstrong was the AHL 's leading goal scorer and stood second in points by mid @-@ season in 1951 – 52 .
After two weeks beset in the ice , he used the engine to break free but the last blade of the propeller was lost in the process .
ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time , as well as particularly strong hurricanes , have high ACEs .
Subsequently , Sherman shifted to the publishing house of Charles L. Webster & Co .
1 @,@ 415 hp ( 1 @,@ 055 kW ) at 3 @,@ 000 rpm at 14 @,@ 000 ft ( 4 @,@ 267 m ) ; high @-@ altitude version used in Spitfire [UNK] Adapted with a Marshall compressor ( often called a " blower " ) to pressurise the cockpit .
Barilko 's disappearance was immortalized 40 years later by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip in their 1992 song " Fifty Mission Cap " .
She was the first performer to win the New York Film Critics Circle Award for " Best Actress " three times ( 1947 , 1957 and 1960 ) .
They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines , each driving one propeller shaft , using steam provided by three Admiralty three @-@ drum boilers .
Several more attempts to advance north by the Koreans made little progress , and the fighting stopped by 28 October .
Significant shear is observed when the temperature difference across the front is 5 ° C ( 9 ° F ) or more , and the front moves at 30 knots or faster .
The German invasion of the Soviet Union began on 22 June .
@ 1 mi ) west of Bay of Bengal .
This did not mean the end of the growth of the system : a 3 @.
By the end of the " railway mania " , Brassey had built one @-@ third of all the railways in Britain .
At radio frequencies NR diodes are not pure resistive loads and have reactance , so a second purpose of the filter is to cancel the diode reactance with a conjugate reactance to prevent standing waves .
However , midway through the airing of the season , it was announced that Jackson was filming The A @-@ Team , as its lead character B.
Skirmishing between the two sides broke out , resulting in the death of Sir Henry de Bohun , whom Robert killed in personal combat .
Whether these policies by themselves can fully solve the long run health care cost problem in the United States is doubtful .
When Nurhaci ( 1559 – 1626 ) , the chieftain of the Jianzhou Jurchens , unified the other Jurchen tribes under his own rule in the early seventeenth century , he imposed the protective spirits of his clan , the Aisin Gioro , upon other clans , and often destroyed their shrines .
In Kerala , highways are 45 meters wide .
In 2004 the building was to be sold to Nomura Real Estate for 65 billion yen .
Occasionally , the Belgian team directly supported charity .
@ 5 ha ) formerly owned by Boeing .
The report concluded that even with projected new schemes at Loch Ness and Loch [UNK] , pumped storage would not be able to replace wind electricity during extended windless periods .
The game slowed down when he had fun .
His first assignment was to the battleship USS Virginia .
If it is in fact the same species , the first published name ( i.e.
In the afternoon , Georgian personnel left the Joint Peacekeeping Force headquarters in Tskhinvali .
These reports bolstered Lafayette 's reputation , and the battle , although a tactical setback , did not harm that reputation .
Between 1538 and 1666 , Portuguese privateers ( known as [UNK] or [UNK] ) made inroads into Chittagong and ruled the region in alliance with Arakanese pirates .
I believe one may be satisfied " .
Arsenal qualified automatically into the Champions League group stage because of England 's country coefficient .
In total , he scored 266 runs at an average of 53 @.
This section is known as Washington Street as it heads in a southeast direction and enters the outer residential neighborhoods of Woodstock .
It was [UNK] with a lot of rubato .
The second level is set in the Sea of Azov : the player must battle the elements of the Black Sea Fleet which is preparing to invade Europe .
Jawad and two Iraqi associate producers trained the boys how to use the cameras .
Aretusa was a torpedo cruiser of the Partenope class built for the Italian Regia Marina ( Royal Navy ) in the 1880s .
Bagdogra Airport near Siliguri is a customs airport that has international services to Bhutan and Thailand besides regular domestic services .
The following week , Swagger had a " tryout " match , but was distracted by Guerrero arguing with Dolph Ziggler at ringside , and lost the match .
It has always been my firm conviction that films should speak for themselves and that knowing too much about how they are made diminishes the magic of watching them . "
On November 21 , the prosecution introduced the letters , telegrams , and checks into evidence .
In October 1918 , Admiral Hipper , now the commander of the entire High Seas Fleet , planned for a final battle with the Grand Fleet .
He identified scenes that featured just the six core cast as the best , " because you don 't have to introduce a character – you don 't have to lay any pipeline – you just get right to the funny " .
Later on August 27 , the storm attained its maximum sustained wind speed of 120 mph ( 195 km / h ) .
The statue was erected during Edward 's reign as a gesture of the city 's loyalty to the King .
He held the title for 280 days , having three successful defenses , until he failed to show up for a scheduled title defense .
While hunting for her kits , she is caught by a ShadowClan patrol .
As a result , the game became too big to fit into the Nintendo 64 's 4MB of random @-@ access memory ( RAM ) .
A solar wind of plasma particles constantly streams outward from the Sun until , at the outermost limit of the Solar System , it reaches the heliopause .
The 6th Division was slowed down by Marlborough , which could make no more than 15 @.
It was also one of the earliest comics to be censored on racial grounds ( some skin tones and dialogue were changed for the American market ) .
Large creeks and brooks include Mountain , Cougar ( which runs underground through the [UNK] Caves ) , and Battle .
Dahlen described it as " the most likeable " on the album , and concluded that it is " a happy @-@ [UNK] lollipop of a song that nicely sums this record up : Sunny , bright , and vaguely irritating . "
He scored his first A @-@ League goal from a penalty kick in his club 's first competitive match against Sydney FC on Saturday 8 August 2009 .
A review in The Detroit News said that the book includes " mouthwatering recipes " , and the San Francisco Chronicle called it a " neat little book " on the subject .
Some territories " clearly refers to his rule over Dvin , known from other sources , meaning that he became ruler of the city in c .
The Chancellor could directly appoint officials who were ranked 600 @-@ dan or below , while he was also able to recommend nominees to the emperor for recruitment to the senior roles in central government .
Kefka Palazzo ( [UNK] ・ [UNK] , [UNK] [UNK] , romanized as [UNK] Palazzo in the Japanese version ) is a character in the Final Fantasy series of video games .
Didsbury has two rugby union clubs , Toc H R.F.C.
While stationed in southern California , he met Phyllis Thaxter ( born November 20 , 1921 ) , an actress signed to MGM , whom he married in November 1944 .
With the wreathed trellis of a working brain ,
Each company had its own lieutenant , but the majority of the captains commanding them were volunteers attached to them at the last minute , drawn from all the regiments stationed in Boston .
On July 10 , Park released a four @-@ track EP , I Like 2 Party , containing the songs " I Like 2 Party " , " Hot " , " Secret " and " Let 's Make Up " , and also released a music video for the title track " I Like 2 Party " which was filmed in Los Angeles .
Hornby also made clear even if the seized pin had been picked up earlier it was " virtually impossible " to lubricate the bearing .
Although Bethesda had not offered an official explanation as to why the content was not released for PlayStation 3 , Lazard Capital Markets analyst Colin Sebastian speculated that it may have been the result of a money deal with Bethesda by Sony 's competitor , Microsoft .
The original woodblocks are in the Lynd Ward Collection in the Joseph Mark Lauinger Memorial Library at Georgetown University in Washington , DC .
The album would be the last collaboration with O 'Brien for several years .
In 2008 , Davis created a " longest stare " contest for [UNK] , a site that he and Alba 's husband Cash Warren co @-@ founded .
Aylwin was authorized in March 1911 as the lead ship of the four @-@ ship Aylwin class , which was almost identical to the Cassin @-@ class destroyers authorized at the same time .
Boydell realised early in his career that his engravings had little artistic merit , saying later that they were collected by others " more to show the improvement of art in this country [ Britain ] , since the period of their publication , than from any idea of their own merits " .
On October 2006 the E @-@ flex powertrain was selected for the new propulsion architecture and the name Volt was chosen by General Motors .
Part of the 648th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron based at Fort Indiantown Gap , the radar station was a " frontline defender of national security " .
He said he believed that if even one school integrated , integration would sweep over all of Virginia .
@ 5 minutes .
It 's kind of rolling country , not flat , and when you get to the edge of it you find these ravines that cut very steeply in to cliff @-@ like drop @-@ offs and there was even a waterfall there .
A fellow villager goes to see Malik and asks why he abandoned his criminal ways and embraced Islam .
However , producer Jonathan Young stated that echoes of " Overkill " can still be heard in the theme .
By 06 : 30 the evacuation of the Australian dead and wounded began by helicopter .
@ 72
@ 85 in the series .
The fungus 's propensity to fruit prolifically despite minimal root colonization is a result of its ability to efficiently transfer nutrients from its host for its own use .
After a 6 – 0 League Cup defeat to Manchester City , he left by mutual consent , replaced two months later by Steve Bruce .
He consciously distanced himself as far as possible from the mainstream of science fiction ( towards which he felt " an aesthetic revulsion " , expressed in " The Gernsback Continuum " ) , to the extent that his highest goal was to become " a minor cult figure , a sort of lesser Ballard . "
In March 2008 , a deluxe hardcover version of the book was released , featuring recoloring of the book by Brian Bolland .
In common with other members of the superorder [UNK] , Lepidoptera undergo complete metamorphosis , going through a four @-@ stage life cycle : egg , larva / caterpillar , pupa / chrysalis , and imago ( plural : imagines ) / adult .
The live action parts of " Lysergic Acid Diethylamide " were shot along west Hastings Street in Vancouver during the latter part of February 2011 .
NC 54 currently has around 16 @,@ 000 – 20 @,@ 000 vehicles using the road each day .
Labelling Holland " ludicrously deferential " for praying to Allah alongside the " toothless old bedouins " , they thought that Channel 4 had been far too cautious and should have been more explicit in their denunciation of the Islamic origin story .
Seymour and Maitland — during their patrols in 1808 that led to the capture of Thétis — had entered into a verbal agreement that any prize money they earned would be shared equally over both crews .
The debate was carried out from 2001 to 2003 through a series of published articles and open letters .
Following the success of Idhu [UNK] , Balachander directed En [UNK] ( 1948 ) and [UNK] ( 1951 ) , both made on similar themes .
Along the way people of the countryside assist her , but Debegri eventually captures Mel , furious about the months of trouble she caused .
Highmore , in response , asked for a charge against John Harper , one of the rebellious actors , for being a vagrant , and Harper was sent to Bridewell Palace prison .
The souls of people and animals are emanations from this primordial fire , and are , likewise , subject to Fate :
20 miles ( 32 km ) long , the River Frome rises in the grounds of Dodington Park in the Cotswolds of South Gloucestershire , flows through Chipping Sodbury in a north westerly direction through Yate , and is then joined by the Nibley brook on the left at Nibley .
On October 28 , 15 of Jalisco 's 125 municipalities were declared disaster areas ; assessments were ongoing in 5 – 10 other municipalities to potentially be added to this declaration .
Zinta played the part of Reshma , a villager who falls in love with the officer and becomes part of this network .
Trott was able to obtain turn from all types of pitches bowling his loopy leg spinners , through varying his pace and flight .
/ 2 infantry regiment of the Reichswehr in [UNK] , East Prussia on 1 April 1931 , serving as an officer cadet in the infantry .
Seeds germinate almost solely in bare soil , at temperatures between 10 ° C and 40 ° C. While they can germinate in total darkness if proper conditions are present ( tests give a 35 % germination rate under ideal conditions ) , in the wild , they in practice only do so when exposed to light , or very close to the soil surface , which explains the plant 's habitat preferences .
Sexual reproduction eliminates such rogue cells from the next generation and therefore appears to be a prerequisite for complex multicellularity .
This was largely due to the insecure seat they offered , which necessitated a smooth @-@ gaited horse being led by another handler .
A bloated feeling may result . "
@ 2 × 10 − 8 kg ) , where quantum effects are expected to invalidate the predictions of general relativity .
Students from each school often exchange pranks before basketball and football games .
The composition of the volatile flavour compounds of Suillellus luridus consists largely of linoleic acid , with smaller proportions of 1 @-@ butanol , 3 @-@ methyl @-@ 1 @-@ butanol , [UNK] acid , palmitic acid , linoleic acid methyl ester , and [UNK] acid .
Falco , Maria J. , ed .
The acceptance rate for new delegates is usually between 8 and 10 percent .
In the May 18 , 2013 NIAA state championships , he achieved a high jump of 7 feet 3 @.
The Philippine constitution provides for the promotion of Spanish and Arabic on a voluntary and optional basis , although neither are used on as wide a scale as in the past .
Snowmobiles are , as a more modern approach , also used .
The group purchased a canoe and ten days ' worth of provisions with money Sumter had borrowed .
He suggests that they both have the same message : that awaiting somebody who never comes is ultimately futile .
Institut [UNK] [UNK] Miri ( Miri Industry Training Institute ) was formed in 2004 , currently offering courses such as electrician , product design , and telecommunication .
The continued importance of El Chal in the Terminal Classic resulted in other centres in the region being eclipsed , such as El [UNK] and El [UNK] to the west and [UNK] , La Puente and El [UNK] to the southeast .
and Joy Division .
The Heinkel He 111 served on all the German military fronts in the European Theatre of World War II .
In the 19th century , the Michigan Legislature chartered private companies to build and operate plank roads or turnpikes in the state , many of which replaced the original Indian trails .
Measuring 250 km ( 160 mi ) long by 50 km ( 30 mi ) wide at its widest point , and covering an area of 12 @,@ 500 km2 ( 4 @,@ 830 sq mi ) and an average depth of 432 m ( 1 @,@ 417 ft ) , it has an estimated volume of 5 @,@ 400 km3 ( 1 @,@ 300 cu mi ) .
Castle moved to its current location at Durham Castle in 1837 after van [UNK] 's successor , Edward Maltby , completed renovations of the building .
The finale of the show involved the Norwegian pupils singing Away in a Manger in English while the Shapinsay pupils responded with En [UNK] Skinner I Natt in Norwegian .
Lead vocals : James Anderson , Jean @-@ [UNK] [UNK] , Kieran Alleyne , Kuan Frye , Mitchell [UNK] , MJ Mytton @-@ Sanneh
However , in many cases , the tower overhead is not easily condensed totally and the reflux drum must include a vent gas outlet stream .
Councillors were sent on study trips both in France and abroad .
The transept apses each have a balcony with a concave balustrade .
He also vowed to " destroy " ECW with the help of the Raw superstars chosen to compete at the pay @-@ per @-@ view .
An embargo is placed on songs that qualify for the later rounds until the previews for the Second Chance are broadcast .
Ghislaine finds him and convinces him to return to work .
While not a direct sequel to the events and characters of the first Silent Hill game , Silent Hill 2 takes place in the series ' namesake town , located in the northeastern United States .
Manga Bell 's execution made him a martyr to the people of Cameroon and painted the Duala as an heroic people .
As part of the upgrade , new 48 @-@ hour moorings were constructed on The Haven , for boats about to enter the Drain , and on the South Forty @-@ Foot Drain near the Black Sluice pumping station at Boston , at [UNK] Bridge and at Hubbert 's Bridge .
Sherman 's invasion of Georgia later plays a central role in the plot of the novel .
Songwriting – Kesha Sebert , Pebe [UNK] , Joshua Coleman
Lombardi Trophies are made by Tiffany & Co. out of sterling silver and are worth anywhere from US $ 25 @,@ 000 to US $ 300 @,@ 000 .
Hoffman was born in Bellflower , California .
He is quoted as saying that the reason he made the film was " to save it for Tolkien , because I loved the Rings very much . "
He gave me about two hours . "
@ 5 in ) , the Saint Joseph 18 @.
Also in 1989 , the government founded the Al @-@ Gaddafi International Prize for Human Rights , to be awarded to figures from the Third World who had struggled against colonialism and imperialism ; the first year 's winner was South African anti @-@ apartheid activist Nelson Mandela .
The Judy Garland Show premiered on September 29 , during Jewison 's run as producer .
Best Defender of I @-@ League ( 1 ) : 2013 – 14
The majority of the delegates to the previous convention had been more cautious .
Total gross was $ 305 @.
It was seen by 14 percent fewer viewers than the previous week , though several other series airing that night were also down in viewers .
Others produced plays denigrating his political opponents .
Another unique spectacle is diamond dust , a ground @-@ level cloud composed of tiny ice crystals .
Rutherford 's suggested approach was unworkable — something Chadwick knew but was afraid to tell Rutherford — so Chadwick pressed on , and eventually devised the required method .
Tell Mr. Green not to fire till I give the word , to be cool and deliberate , to take sure aim and not waste a shot .
@ 95 million overall viewers and received a Nielsen rating of 3 @.
There were too many ships for Zenta to escape , so she remained behind to allow Ulan to get away and was sunk by gunfire during the Battle of Antivari off the coast of Bar , Montenegro .
Items can also be used in battle , and the player can choose to escape from most encounters aside from key boss battles .
Pulvermacher even had a model designed to attach to the male genitals in a special sac which was claimed to cure impotence and erectile dysfunction .
@ 9 bar , and chamber oxygen decompression at 50 fsw ( 15 msw ) , equivalent to 2 @.
The courts in Malaysia have taken a similar approach in defining the meaning of religious practice under Article 11 of the Malaysian Constitution .
Temporarily settling down in Paris , Marx transferred the Communist League executive headquarters to the city and also set up a German Workers ' Club with various German socialists living there .
The role of Paris @-@ based Wallachian émigrés in promoting sympathy for common Romanian goals was decisive .
He was second in the league in fielding percentage ( .976 ) , but he batted [UNK] with runners in scoring position .
Each print depicts a different stage in the life of the fictional Tom Nero .
It was premiered in London at a concert in which Saint @-@ Saëns appeared as conductor of the symphony and as soloist in Beethoven 's Fourth Piano Concerto , conducted by Sir Arthur Sullivan .
This was followed in 1926 by the film Brooding Eyes , starring the legendary Lionel Barrymore .
Incubation usually takes anywhere from five to twelve days .
Remnants of the fortress are visible in the basement of the museum .
Other prominent features in the park include Johns Angel 's granite statue of Francis Vigo , a 4 @-@ by @-@ 9 @-@ foot ( 1 @.
This official portrayal of the situation was misleading ; their relationship was more work @-@ oriented .
( I 'm ) Stranded " had limited impact at home , but the British music press recognized it as a groundbreaking record .
Through the privilege granted by Sigismund of Luxembourg in 1405 , the city opted out from the jurisdiction of voivodes , vice @-@ voivodes and royal judges , and obtained the right to elect a twelve @-@ member jury every year .
Chantal slowly weakened over land while moving slowly across northern Belize .
The Romans made durable concrete strong enough for load @-@ bearing walls .
These hypothetical models could potentially explain a number of observations of stellar black hole candidates .
Reagan 's health and well @-@ being became a prominent concern in 2008 .
He was awarded the 47th Education Minister 's Art Encouragement Prize , a national award , in 1997 as well as the 8th Award for the Promotion of Traditional Japanese Culture from the Japan Arts Foundation in 2001 .
Brown was born in West Palm Beach , Florida to trucking company owner James and mother Sherry Brown .
@ 3 .
Running
However , it would be almost two months before the first named storm , Alberto , formed near Cape Verde ; Alberto also dissipated with no effects on land .
Music critic Mark Kemp defended Welch in a The New York Times piece :
The nest is usually placed on a horizontal tree branch or in a shrub , a few metres above the ground .
Conversely however , Tim Turnham , executive director of the [UNK] Research Foundation , praised Grey 's Anatomy for bringing about greater public awareness of melanoma , stating : " We welcome the national spotlight Grey 's Anatomy has created for melanoma and its efforts to encourage viewers to learn more about the importance of prevention , early detection and research . "
Range : 7 @,@ 000 km ( 4 @,@ 350 miles )
In December 2010 , the station celebrated the 50th anniversary of the television soap opera Coronation Street with a documentary titled Coronation Street at 50 and the station 's Fallen Heroes won a Gold at the 2011 New York Festivals International Radio Awards .
Genre art and its depiction of ordinary people and everyday life emerged against this background .
Kristin Cavallari caught the bouquet at the wedding , and assumed the series ' lead beginning in the second half of the season .
Where the money has been mixed with the money of a trustee , the court 's decision depends on the motive of the trustee .
Amos Barshad of Vulture questioned Lopez ' music , stating that " with the other facets of her multimedia empire clicking [ ... ] why does she insist on continuing to make music ?
While he finished nine minutes behind Cobo on Angliru , he won the day 's second climb to score ten mountain points and increase his lead over Montaguti to 22 points .
He appeared in Stanley Kubrick 's Barry Lyndon ( 1975 ) as a nobleman friend of the title character .
The second full meeting was held August 3 and 4 , 1925 .
National Gallery of Canada , 2014 – 2015
A small cairn at the foot of the Niagara Escarpment marks the spot where Brock fell .
Ferb hardly ever speaks but he is shown to talk at random times with a British accent .
Glee ended its freshman season with a real wallop that took a couple of unexpected turns before pulling nicely into a satisfying finish . "
Eadbald 's granddaughter , Eorcengota , became a nun at Faremoutiers , and his great @-@ granddaughter , Mildrith , was a nun at [UNK] .
As Georgia had never previously had a female ruler , a part of the aristocracy questioned Tamar 's legitimacy , while others tried to exploit her youth and supposed weakness to assert greater autonomy for themselves .
In 1996 , a previously unpublished private account written in 1972 by Aldo Lampredi for the Communist Party 's archives , appeared in L 'Unità .
During his time at Le Moyne , he held annual coaching clinics that welcomed coaches and athletes .
In 1867 the general assembly transferred all the law books in the Indiana State Library to the Court to create a Supreme Court Law Library .
Inglis later recalled that if he wished to learn more on a subject then he volunteered to teach a course on it .
He is the sports ambassador of the Indian state of Haryana .
The Giants and Dodgers are the only other clubs with 20 or more pennants .
Attending just one class ( English Literature ) during the middle trimester , he remained in residence while taking no courses in the third semester .
The judge , Mr. Justice [UNK] , noted : " There is no dispute about any of this .
@ 33 mph ) during her sea trials from 23 @,@ 030 ihp ( 17 @,@ 170 kW ) .
The chancel contains an onyx altar and mosaic floor made of more than twenty colors of marble .
The ECMWF model , the Ensemble Prediction System , uses singular vectors to simulate the initial probability density , while the NCEP ensemble , the Global Ensemble Forecasting System , uses a technique known as vector breeding .
@ 8 , which is 40 % more than an upright bicycle under even the best conditions .
Blamey 's Allied Land Forces Headquarters ( LHQ ) was established in Melbourne , but after MacArthur 's General Headquarters ( GHQ ) moved to Brisbane in July 1942 , Blamey established an Advanced LHQ in nearby St Lucia , Queensland .
As the temperature of the atmosphere increases , the capacity to hold water increases , leading to stronger storms and higher rainfall amounts .
In 1995 , director John Singleton cast Connelly as a lesbian college student in Higher Learning .
" Snakehead " first aired on December 3 , 2009 in the United States .
Some 1943 @-@ P nickels are [UNK] .
The next day , 21 July , she was towed 5 nautical miles ( 9 @.
In 1945 , he worked on the neutron initiator , and later on radiation propagation from an exploding atomic bomb .
If a dispersing male gray wolf is unable to establish a territory or find a mate , he mates with the daughters of already established breeding pairs from other packs .
Black travels to DC and meets up with fellow group member Peter Watts ( Terry O 'Quinn ) .
Rank in the party was not determined by elections — positions were filled through appointment by those of higher rank , who demanded unquestioning obedience to the will of the leader .
Hook Me Up " was performed at the 2008 Australia Day Live Concert as well as on the Hook Me Up and Revenge Is Sweeter tours , in 2007 and 2009 , respectively .
In 2006 the Netherlands rejected a draft law proposing a maximum sentence of one year on denial of genocidal acts in general , although specifically denying the Holocaust remains a criminal offense there .
From August 1941 , the Military Government announced that for every German murdered by the resistance , five Belgian civilian hostages would be executed .
For the rest of the war , the three ships operated from the bay , escorting the large and valuable convoys bound for the British Isles to ensure no German heavy surface ships could slip past the British Grand Fleet and annihilate the merchant ships and their weak escorts of older cruisers .
However , there is a consensus that the works included in Nyanyi Sunyi were written after those included in Buah Rindu , despite the latter being published last .
Though the game was initially called Guitar Hero : Greatest Hits , cover art for the game in North America had shown the title had changed to Guitar Hero : Smash Hits .
The Moving Picture Company created the climactic hotel sequence .
His objective was to build a hydroelectric plant that would sell energy to Twin City Rapid Transit , which was then using steam power to generate electricity .
Shaw notes that " The cozy humor strikes many women 's funny bones with a mighty whack , perhaps because it reaffirms so perfectly their own preoccupations . "
@ 375 lb ( 74 @.
A 250 mm ( 9 @.
( Mrs Blackburne had originally intended to travel on the inaugural journey with her husband , but the previous day had felt a [UNK] that something was wrong at home and her presence was required , and had returned alone by boat .
Sharia has also been supplemented by regulations issued by royal decree covering modern issues such as intellectual property and corporate law .
His popularity in London led to a demand for him to appear in provincial theatres throughout England , where he commanded large fees .
The space opera teachings have also been satirized in popular culture .
Napier @-@ Bell , the [UNK] 's producer who had originally promoted the idea , was present for the recording .
Longyearbyen experiences midnight sun from 19 April to 23 August , polar night from 27 October to 14 February and civil polar night from 14 November to 29 January .
If The Sixth Sense hadn 't been as big a success as it was , this story might have been assigned to oblivion , or at least to rewrite . "
Due to their lackluster 2013 performance , the Phillies had the seventh first @-@ round pick in the June 5 – 7 MLB draft .
Gibbs published his first work in 1873 , at the unusually advanced age of 34 .
After a six @-@ game winning streak to start February the Canucks dealt with multiple injuries and suspensions resulting in the team slumping .
Other than vaccination , treatment of smallpox is primarily supportive , such as wound care and infection control , fluid therapy , and possible ventilator assistance .
He managed Kettering in the play @-@ offs , as they were beaten on penalties by Farsley Celtic in the semi @-@ final after a 1 – 1 aggregate scoreline over two legs , he left shortly after when his short @-@ term contract expired in May 2007 , managing the club for a total of four games .
9 .
Kane and his replacement Soldado also scored in the 4 – 0 victory .
He maintained that the non @-@ covariant energy momentum pseudotensor was in fact the best description of the energy momentum distribution in a gravitational field .
Osbourne 's regular abuse of alcohol and other drugs led to his dismissal from the band in 1979 .
Cherish " entered the Australian Singles Chart at number 17 on September 17 , 1989 , and reached a peak of number four , staying on the chart for 16 weeks .
The proposed start date was later put back to 2013 – 14 .
They eventually married and got a house in Malibu and we became friends ; I remember they introduced me to pot .
In 1668 , his name appears as a witness to the marriage of Meindert Hobbema , his only registered pupil , a painter whose works have been confused with Ruisdael 's own .
By 1800 , the War of Knives between the pro @-@ French André Rigaud and the pro @-@ autonomy Toussaint L 'Ouverture was in full swing and Saint @-@ Domingue was divided in two .
Robey was inspired by the older comedians Herbert Campbell and Dan Leno , and , although post @-@ dating them , he rivalled their eccentricity and popularity , earning the festive entertainment a new audience .
Fresh fruit and vegetables , as well as fish and meat , can be purchased either from supermarkets or specialty shops .
Ponting took this form into the Under @-@ 16s week @-@ long competition less than a month later , scoring an even century on the final day .
The style " of France " was only nominal , and was used by every English monarch from Edward III to George III , regardless of the amount of French territory actually controlled .
The extratropical remnants of Karl dissipated over Norway on September 28 .
Back in England , a change occurred in army policy , to hopefully increase recruiting , infantry regiments were given additional territorial titles .
The word treatment refers to " any addition to , deletion from , alteration to or adaptation of the work " – in other words , any interference with the work 's internal structure .
The episode prominently features several aspects of the online website Facebook , including the Facebook games Farmville , Café World and a digital version of the Milton Bradley game Yahtzee .
There , he batted .289 in 118 games , with 55 runs scored , 25 doubles , three triples , four home runs , 50 RBI , and 23 stolen bases .
In 1801 , Sydenham Edwards wrote in [UNK] Britannica that the " Land Spaniel " is divided into two types : the hawking , springing / springer and the cocking / cocker spaniel .
The franchise for borough seats varied enormously .
While she did not attempt to justify Patton 's action , she characterized him as a " tough perfectionist , " stating that he cared deeply about the men under his command and would not ask them to do something he would not do himself :
One Wallace scholar has stated that the most reasonable interpretation is therefore that he was an Englishman born in Wales .
Defendants argue that Clause 17 limits the legislative power of Congress such that the only geographical areas over which Congress may legislate , or may exercise its power of taxation , are those areas described in Clause 17 .
Alan Sepinwall at The Star @-@ Ledger similarly called it " the best , and funniest , new show of the season " , and said he laughed just as much after seeing the pilot four times .
It was Parsons and not Tibbetts , the pilot , who was in charge of the mission .
According to Lynde Wheeler , who had been Gibbs 's student at Yale , in his later years Gibbs
Russ Breimier of Christianity Today gave it 2 out of 5 stars , describing it as " predictable " .
Senate leaders granted him a seat on the Armed Services Committee , while allowing him to keep his other major seats despite the traditional limit of two such seats .
The Mark Twain Award is decided annually through a vote by fourth – eighth graders in the state of Missouri .
Lieutenant @-@ Colonel James Low had petitioned to have the sandstone slab spared , but had been told that it was in the way of a projected bungalow .
Initially the zoo occupied only the southernmost 27 acres ( 11 ha ) , while the land to the north was used as a golf course .
An accomplice was treated as if he himself had committed the crime .
Possible Comic Influences On Batman Returns Batman @-@ [UNK] 's in @-@ depth analysis on possible comic book influences of Batman Returns ' plotline
Shortly thereafter the three were joined by Staff Sergeant James Roberts and Specialist Christopher Gathercole .
The town was also the birthplace of the film and television actress Angela Cartwright .
Formal terraces and walkways are given extra interest by statuary and fountains .
Once a Djinni on Standby has been used for a Summon Sequence , it takes a number of turns recovering before it restores itself to Set position on a character , but a subsequent increase in the affinity of the element of the attack is bolstered on the character for the duration of the battle .
On 1 September 1892 work was completed as far as a temporary station south of Aylesbury .
The lawsuit requested the cessation of sales of the game and monetary damage .
The following season , Arsenal returned to the yellow and blue scheme , albeit with a darker shade of blue than before .
Its presence was reported by a ship the next day that encountered rough seas and gale force winds .
Despite winning a championship with the Spurs , doubts lingered over Parker 's future .
Travelling east , the highway descends through the Madura Pass just before the Madura roadhouse from the Nullarbor Plain to the coastal Roe Plains .
The eggs of ovoviviparous animals develop entirely inside the female , and then hatch immediately upon being laid .
The Alversund Bridge was a toll bridge which was paying for the debt accumulated in its construction .
To interview the candidate , Lewis was required to undergo an interview himself , with McKinley 's political manager , Cleveland industrialist Mark Hanna .
For all his later infamy as a charlatan , accounts of his success at nursing flu victims back to health , and the lengths to which he went to treat them , were resoundingly positive .
He helped the Bears overcome a 20 @-@ point deficit by recording 19 tackles and a forced fumble that was returned for a touchdown .
All crocodilians need to maintain the concentration of salt in body fluids at suitable levels .
The lakam was only found in larger sites , and they appear to have been responsible for the taxation of local districts .
Long @-@ term effects seem to include a slight excess of multiple myeloma and myeloid leukaemia , as well as some developmental effects such as disturbed development of teeth and excess of girls born to fathers who were exposed as children .
An RCAF team led by Ray [UNK] visited U.S. aircraft producers and surveyed British and French manufacturers before concluding that no existing or planned aircraft could fulfill these requirements .
The shirts bear the name of hotel The Morritt , winners of the right to sponsor the shirt in a draw from among seven local businesses , each of which had purchased a hospitality package .
The episode was viewed by 8 @.
The name derives from the Chinook Jargon word [UNK] , meaning " land " or " earth " .
Little is known about the behaviour of the hoopoe starling .
In the instances where school entry fees were eliminated , additional fees ( e.g.
Their last scene filmed together was getting into the TARDIS with the Doctor after saying [UNK] to Brian ; when the doors closed Gillan , Darvill , and Smith hugged and started crying .
Two years later , Hidjo has become district attorney of [UNK] .
Utami also includes passages reflecting the destructiveness of Suharto 's political authoritarianism ; in later interviews she said the political realities reflected in Saman are still applicable to post @-@ Suharto Indonesia .
Moving west @-@ northwest , the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Henriette at 1800 UTC that day .
The trams have three standard gauge bogies , each with two axles , of which the front and back bogies are powered .
But women trained in an unofficial capacity , and were forced to employ men to hold the training licence on their behalf , or to have licences in their husbands ' names .
Conference Premier Player of the Year : 2008 – 09
Hooper initially declined to direct the production because he believed the series was tired .
Civil divorce is not a divorce according to the Church .
@ 5 – 3 in ( 38 – 76 mm ) thick and had a protective deck that was 1 in ( 25 mm ) thick over the steering gear .
Hitchin ' a Ride " opens with a Middle Eastern @-@ inspired violin performed by Petra Haden of That Dog .
Home .
This episode was based on a remark David once made during a conversation .
All won ATP Player of the Year , ITF Men 's Singles Champion , Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year and ESPY Award for Best Male Tennis player .
710 ) , persuaded her husband to staff government offices with his sister and her daughters , and in 709 requested that he grant women the right to bequeath hereditary privileges to their sons ( which before was a male right only ) .
@ 6 grain .
Located 170 ± 2 light @-@ years away , 4 @.
A weakness of Darwin 's work , however , was the lack of palaeontological evidence , as pointed out by Darwin himself .
Firstly , he claims that it will significantly change the way legislation is drafted .
Noel Lee ( born December 25 , 1948 ) is the current CEO of Monster Inc .
Triomphante helped to capture the [UNK] Islands in March 1885 during the Pescadores Campaign , losing two killed and five wounded from her landing party .
During the national semifinal 81 – 78 overtime victory against the Kentucky Wildcats , Pelinka played in the clinching overtime period after King fouled out .
Surface feeding itself can be broken up into two different approaches , surface feeding while flying ( for example as practiced by gadfly petrels , frigatebirds and storm petrels ) , and surface feeding while swimming ( examples of which are practiced by fulmars , gulls , many of the shearwaters and gadfly petrels ) .
I hope also that this Jubilee year will be a time to give thanks for the great advances that have been made since 1952 and to look forward to the future with clear head and warm heart .
Wheeler earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins University under the supervision of Karl Herzfeld , and studied under Breit and Bohr on a National Research Council fellowship .
Retrieved 12 January 2013 .
Falke remained in Samoa until early October when she returned to Sydney for repair work ; at the time , Sydney possessed the only shipyard with the facilities necessary for major repairs , which meant that the Germans were dependent on the Australian port to keep their warships operational .
As the 19th @-@ century German naturalist Alexander von Humboldt noted in his work Cosmos ,
Released on 1 June 1967 , it was an immediate commercial and critical success , spending 27 weeks at the top of the albums chart in the United Kingdom and 15 weeks at number one in the United States .
@ 5 .
While Miller was stationed in South Carolina , an army sergeant whose brother was Kenneth C. " Jethro " Burns from the musical duo Homer and Jethro , persuaded him to head to Nashville after his discharge .
From 1994 until 1998 , he served as the inaugural Principal of the Australian College of Defence and Strategic Studies , which subsequently evolved into the Australian Defence College .
As a financial advisor for Duke Karl Alexander , Duke of Württemberg , he also gained a prominent position as a court Jew and held the reins of the finances in his duchy .
@ 8 mya , was distinct from later eruptions in that its product lacks flattened [UNK] ( lens @-@ shaped layers of mineral or rock embedded in rock ) .
It holds a 100 % graduate employment record .
One member of the town board opposed the deal because it would not secure the land beyond the 10 @-@ year term .
Max explains that his killings were a revenge scheme that dealt with stock holders and patents , specifically detailing his invention of television , which other scientists have copied .
Indeed , the eliminativists warn , considerations of intuitive plausibility may be precisely the result of the deeply entrenched nature in society of folk psychology itself .
Apart from vlei rats , other rodents recorded frequently in the diet include the African grass rat , African pygmy mouse and multimammate mice .
Charizard returns in Pokémon Ranger : Guardian Signs as another boss character .
The albums ninth single , " Gone Too Soon " , did not perform well in the United Kingdom and Jackson 's health deteriorated , which eventually led to the cancellation of the albums tenth single " Dangerous " but it was released with " Remember the Time " and " Black or White " on the box set Tour Souvenir Pack .
That night , Michael and Hannah go nude swimming at the college pool .
The Tor is mentioned in Celtic mythology , particularly in myths linked to King Arthur , and has a number of other enduring mythological and spiritual associations .
The Xi 'an City Wall is on the tentative list of UNESCO 's World Heritage Site under the title " City Walls of the Ming and Qing Dynasties " .
She returned to service in late 1940 .
The stole Gleeson wore during his famous absolution before Aubers Ridge was rediscovered in August 2014 in the collection of the National Army Museum , having been acquired by them in 1959 .
When landing , wind shear is also a hazard , particularly when the winds are strong .
Shortly thereafter , Johnson Creek passes the USGS gauge station at Sycamore , 10 @.
Jay Garmon at TechRepublic ranked it as the fifth best episode , saying that the writers managed to include a " gleefully malicious and fatal series of unexpected double @-@ crosses , but also work in some of the most satisfying and coherent mythology gags that Enterprise ever displayed " .
Akira and Yuki meet Kashiwagi and Fumiko by chance at an abortion clinic where Akira reveals that each woman was impregnated by the other man , to the amusement of the former couple and befuddlement of the latter .
The town grew up around Cor Tewdws , a monastery and divinity school , alternately named [UNK] , or Bangor Tewdws ( College of Theodosius ) , or later Bangor Illtyd ( " Illtyd 's college " ) .
Along with the rest of the first season , the episode was animated using " [UNK] , " a technique pioneered by the show 's executive producer , Tom Snyder .
This was the first Holden to be tested on the new Holden Proving Ground based in Lang Lang , Victoria .
Mason cited enactment of the Judges ' Bill of 1925 as Taft 's major achievement on the court .
Ganesha temples have also been built outside of India , including Southeast Asia , Nepal ( including the four Vinayaka shrines in the Kathmandu valley ) , and in several western countries .
Presumably the thinner thicknesses were at the ends of the ships where the bulkheads were squeezed together .
Grace could take only 1 – 90 in the Australian first innings of 183 , in which Spofforth , who really did have a score to settle , top @-@ scored with 44 .
[UNK] Czar arrived in the Tyne , from Murmansk last Friday ( 15 August 1919 ) , with about 1 @,@ 800 British and Italian troops from the Syren Force North Russia .
[UNK] males often kill young infants when they take over a group .
However , the journalist noted the game 's overall difficulty " will single out all but advanced players " with its lack of power @-@ ups or extra lives of any kind .
At Metacritic ( which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics ) the album received an average score of 72 based on 14 reviews , indicating " generally favorable reviews " .
( see " A Dream " )
His performance was described as " utterly electrifying " , and left his " stock among draft @-@ eligible running backs soaring with NFL scouts " .
Despite an injured leg , Nunung insists on taking a pedicab home ; without her knowledge , Toto follows her .
Not only did it help start a nuclear project in Britain but it helped jump @-@ start the American project .
Nunn later criticized the NIS , saying , " The Navy 's whole investigative technique here should be under serious question . "
It also includes incremental improvements to technologies already used in Anarchy Online , such as the dynamic weather system .
According to Undersecretary of Defense Rudy de Leon , the medal was awarded symbolically to all Vietnam unknowns , not to Blassie specifically .
Noting that Judd 's life had been molded by the abuse he suffered as a child , she hoped that the novels would enable children to see Judd as a person like Marty who must make difficult moral choices .
According to Steve and Julie Bernstein , not only was the Animaniacs music written in the same style as that of Looney Tunes composer Carl Stalling , but that the music used the same studio and piano that Stalling used .
