After seeing a play by <unk> S. Rendra in 1969 , she dropped out and joined his troupe.
Two minutes later , Musashi was struck starboard amidships by a torpedo from a Grumman TBF Avenger , also from Intrepid.
Infantrymen supported by tanks conducted another probe into the Pocket on 19 June , and killed 10 Japanese ; three Australians were wounded.
While being refitted in New Orleans in early 1837 , her skipper died and a new captain was appointed.
Later , a statue ( called the Monument à Balzac ) was created by the celebrated French sculptor Auguste Rodin.
In the Middle Ages there was education in <unk> offered by the Catholic Church.
The German force was pitted against several Soviet armies tasked with the destruction of the encircled German forces and their offensive around the lower Chir River ..
9th Bomb Squadron 1993 – present.
However , in 2008 BAE Systems merged its Surface Fleet arm with the shipbuilding operations of VT Group to form BVT Surface Fleet , an aim central to the British Government 's Defence Industrial Strategy ..
According to Christopher John Farley , Prince had been " carrying a torch for neo soul for decades , refusing to make R & B that played by the rules or fit into comfortable formats.
Mega Man 2 was placed 4th on IGN 's list of the Top 100 NES Games.
Wiglaf refers to the assembly as " my bishops , duces , and magistrates " , indicating not only a recovery of control over his own territory , but some level of authority over the southern church.
Clay , however , did not agree to postpone his bid for presidency in favor of Calhoun , and Calhoun did not put himself forward.
Kennedy and Fleming had previously met in Washington.
A handful of great country houses in England built between 1640 and c.
After the penalty , Virginia Tech 's offense was deep in Florida State territory , and two plays later , Marcus Vick ran into the end zone on a one @-@ yard quarterback scramble.
This was initially successful , but the departing Dayaks set fire to Alceste , burning her to the waterline.
600 traffic signals were without power in Montgomery County , and about 70 roads were closed due to fallen trees.
During the course of the office , three elections were held in 1994 , 2001 , 2006 and 2010.
The note charts and the game 's difficulty curve were found to be significantly easier than the more punishing ones in Guitar Hero III.
However , a 1994 analysis of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene showed the species display 10 @.@ 3 % divergence in their sequences ..
" Harrington called the make @-@ up " quite evil @-@ looking " , though Strauss wrote that " effects are strictly so @-@ so " ..
Associate Producers : Hillary Weston & Jean Nelson.
Delta Scuti variables typically range from spectral class A2 to F8 , and a stellar luminosity class of III ( <unk> ) to V ( main sequence stars ).
Unlike most members of its genus , the blackmouth catshark exhibits multiple <unk> , in which more than one egg can mature within each oviduct simultaneously.
The center serves as the sole supplier of the active ingredients in two U.S. Food and Drug Administration @-@ approved radiopharmaceuticals and produces Fluorine @-@ 18 used in PET imaging with its cyclotron ..
The unitary authority areas are known as " principal areas ".
The team also lost defenseman Paul <unk> to the Kansas City Scouts in the same draft ..
Because the impact that created the moons of Haumea is thought to have occurred in the early history of the Solar System , over the following billions of years it should have been tidally damped into a more circular orbit.
Most non @-@ citizens work and live at the plantation industry.
Lake Meredith is located northeast of Amarillo and in 2005 it contained at least 114 billion US gallons ( 430 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 m3 ) of water.
Lea gave evidence concerning Corder 's arrest and the objects found during the search of his house.
Wiesenthal 's publishers advertised that he had been responsible for locating over 800 Nazis , a claim that had no basis in fact but was nonetheless repeated by reputable newspapers such as the New York Times.
The Kwik @-@ E @-@ Mart chain was started somewhere in the Himalayas ..
The stag is a fallow deer , a non @-@ native species kept at that time in royal parks for hunting.
Fox promoted the episode with the tagline " Sit.
" Squeeze " premiered on the Fox network on September 24 , 1993 , and was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on October 3 , 1994.
Ron Archer was injured and unavailable as Australia bowled first in extremely hot conditions.
Bloc Party unveiled their new line @-@ up at two intimate gigs in the Los Angeles area ( 19 August 2015 at The Glass House in Pomona and 20 August 2015 at The Roxy in Los Angeles ).
According to Bissonnette , when bin Laden peered out at the Americans advancing on his third @-@ floor room , the SEAL who fired upon him hit him on the right side of the head.
An additional factor that led to the site 's approval was that the area had been a Union camp during the summer of 1861 when McClellan arrived in Washington , D.C..
Hrī : remorse and acceptance of one 's past , modesty , humility.
Recording took place at Cello Studios in Los Angeles.
The remixed video was submitted to MTV with an alternative , performance @-@ only version that was held back in case MTV banned the remixed version.
He was assigned to its developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ).
The specimens were found 6 to 7 km ( 3 @.@ 7 to 4 @.@ 3 mi ) northeast of Daraina , a village in the northeast corner of Madagascar ..
During the 2009 British Soap Awards , he was nominated for " Villain of the Year ".
Filming lasted nine weeks and was completed on November 22 , 2012.
" Boys " incorporates R & B and hip hop styles , and was criticized by David Browne of Entertainment Weekly as " cut @-@ rate ' 80s Janet Jackson ".
X Japan performed at Lollapalooza 2010 in Grant Park , Chicago on August 8.
The 320 @-@ indicated @-@ horsepower ( 240 kW ) engine gave the ship a top speed of 8 knots ( 15 km / h ; 9 @.@ 2 mph ).
His relationship with Kali is difficult , worsening after he sees the latter 's negative side in a series of incidents , which included Kali allowing people to ride the winch in violation of the power plant 's rules.
The Hamilton Reserve Barracks , located on Pier Nine , houses the naval reserve division HMCS Star , 23 Service Battalion and the 23 Field Ambulance ..
Parker was at home when the August 1896 term began , too sick to preside over the court , as he suffered from Bright 's disease.
The player has access to a variety of melee weapons but only two firearms.
Mulder finds out through a man named Argyle Saperstein ( Art Evans ) that Zupanic and one of the women are in a relationship and that Zupanic is a professional wrestler.
Smith describes the panel as an " exposition of the art of painting " , observing that van der Weyden records the essential skills any successful artist should master while claiming to be an heir to St Luke.
The games , held annually in early September after the park had closed for the summer , became one of the largest and most highly regarded Scottish athletic and cultural competitions in the country.
Further east , I @-@ 96 turns northeasterly to cross Grand River Avenue at the southern end of M @-@ 5.
Because both machines shared many of the same parts and were preparing to launch around the same time , tensions emerged between Sega of America and Sega Enterprises when the Saturn was given priority ..
I decided it was time to be an anti @-@ hero.
There have been two full @-@ length films produced : Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird ( 1985 ) and The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland ( 1999 ).
1441 ; died as a child ).
" In May and June 2006 , Radiohead toured major cities in Europe and North America and returned to Europe for several festivals in August , performing many new songs ..
There is a lock at both ends and one part way along at Thorne , which is smaller than the other two.
But if that is what it comes down to in terms of the approach we take , if our approach is that singular , then we will all have made a mistake.
Eastern North American fossils seem older.
When Vishnu agrees and reveals his Mohini form , Shiva runs crazily behind Mohini , " bereft of shame and robbed by her of good sense , " while the abandoned wife Parvati ( Uma ) looks on.
Urban and agricultural workers constituted the majority of the Red Guards , whereas land @-@ owning farmers and well @-@ educated people formed the backbone of the White Army ..
The medieval chronicler Roger of Wendover named William as one of John 's " evil advisers " , or " most wicked counsellors ".
It is likely that the honoree was either the seventh century Abbot of Killaloe in County Clare or alternatively , the half brother of the eighth century St. Ronan who gave his name to the nearby island of North Rona.
These were erected after the city 's first westward expansion following its de facto independence from the Empire.
" The Beast 's verse reads , " when we touched she didn 't shudder at my paw.
" Friend or Foe " received mostly positive reviews.
It was said to be a victory for football because Celtic 's attacking football overcame Internazionale 's defensive @-@ style " catenaccio " which was considered to be a less attractive way to play the game.
US 25 intersected the eastern end of the there @-@ unnumbered Fisher Freeway.
Not that it matters who gave it to her , of course ".
A rapid transit design was first discarded , and in the 1990s a light rail line was proposed.
This may well have been the inspiration for Garrick 's Temple , as Garrick had spent his honeymoon at Chiswick House a few years earlier in the company of his wife 's guardians the <unk> ..
The recording process was tough for both musicians , and their breakup was almost certain considering the deterioration of their relationship.
Following his arrest , the drug lord was flown to Mexico City and kept at the <unk> installations , Mexico 's organized crime investigatory agency.
The olm was first protected in Slovenia in 1922 along with all cave fauna , but the protection was not effective and a substantial black market came into existence.
Young , rapidly rotating stars tend to have high levels of surface activity because of their magnetic field.
Simon also wrote and performed demos for other artists , working for a while with Carole King and Gerry Goffin ..
Homer is a bad employee who deserves to be ratted out by his subordinate.
McIntyre was awarded a second Oswald Watt Gold Medal , and a Bar to his AFC , for his part in the flight ; it marked the first occasion that the AFC was awarded to a member of the RAAF.
Under the supervision of pyrotechnics expert John Frazier , the ferry was coated entirely with fire retardant and rigged with fifty gasoline bombs including black dirt and diesel , each one set to detonate within a five @-@ second range.
However , its population does not appear to be threatened by human activity and it has been assessed as Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) ..
It is usually argued that the Persians were the would @-@ be aggressors , and that Cimon 's campaign was launched in order to deal with this new threat.
MD 5 was relocated to a new alignment to the east between TB and north of Camp Springs in 1956 , with a northward extension of MD 381 designated onto the former alignment.
That is why the echoes took so long to die down and why the selectors remained villains.
The traditional division of the country into counties was abolished in the 1920s , when the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes and the subsequent Kingdom of Yugoslavia introduced oblasts and banovinas respectively.
Gerrold received a Nebula award for a semi @-@ autobiographical short story " The Martian Child " ( 1994 ) , in which a gay man adopts a child.
Recorded and mixed at Thomas Crown Studios in Virginia Beach , Virginia.
In late August 2007 , Duncan Hunter 's campaign communication 's director , Roy Tyler commented that the chances of Hunter winning the nomination were the same as " pushing a string through a maze.
The pivotal action in the British annexation was the lifetime exile of the then eleven @-@ year @-@ old Maharaja , Duleep Singh , thus making Singh the first ( although unwilling ) member of the Sikh diaspora ..
A Bourbon County justice of the peace administered the oath of office on September 5 , 1816 at the springs.
" It paid between £ 900 and £ 1 @,@ 000 per year for life ..
The game takes place in an alternate version of history that sees the 1940s ' and 1950s ' aesthetics , design and technology advance in the directions imagined at the time.
The flight was cleared to fly Atlantic route 7 to the <unk> navigational aid and jet airway 174 to Norfolk , Virginia.
In 1923 , Stalin proclaimed that the main danger in national relations was Great @-@ Russian chauvinism.
After the incident , Tillman disbanded the units of the militia that had refused his orders , and organized new companies to serve in their place.
Armament was stored in a large internal bay located in a " belly " position , taking up over one third of the aircraft fuselage.
( 2016 ) , Zuo Tradition ( <unk> ) , Seattle : University of Washington Press ..
This time , on 24 October 1559 , the Scottish nobility formally deposed Mary of Guise from the regency.
Smith noted , " Coach Swope knew me before I knew myself ... Every kid who 's athletic in that town goes through Coach Swope.
Vittorio Veneto went to Augusta , Sicily before moving to La Spezia on 14 October.
Lifespan recorded in captivity averages 22 to 23 years ..
By the early months of 1890 , Augustus Harris , the influential manager of the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane , had travelled to Manchester to look for new talent for his theatre 's forthcoming 1890 – 91 pantomime.
Andrea Doria , who was in Otranto with 47 Imperial and 4 Maltese galleys , received news of Castelnuovo 's situation , but given the inferiority of his fleet he sent a message to Sarmiento recommending him to surrender ..
The final scene between Fat Tony and Homer is reminiscent to that of the television show Wiseguy ..
The debris disc has an inclination between 30 ° and 70 °.
The investigation was led by Gagik Jhangiryan , the Chief Military Prosecutor of Armenia , who claimed his team was looking for the masterminds of the shooting even after the trial had begun.
He was a popular if average student , heavily involved in the athletic life of the college , including as a member of the Cambridge rowing crew that won the Boat Race in 1904.
This traditional approach towards Byzantium has been partially or wholly disputed and revised by modern studies , which focus on the positive aspects of Byzantine culture and legacy.
Official names and symbols for each of these elements , which will replace temporary designations such as ununpentium ( Uup ) in the case of element 115 , are expected to be announced later in 2016.
The main allegations were :.
Many sources state the meaning of Rhondda as ' noisy ' , though this is a simplified translation without research.
" She helped him pull out of that emotional crisis by praising his work as a songwriter and convincing him to continue writing and recording.
The extratropical cyclone completely dissipated two days later ..
Beach Thomas was also a regular contributor of notes on nature , gardening and country life to The Spectator for almost 30 years , with some short breaks between 1935 and 1941 , when H. E. Bates took responsibility.
" They are often considered role models for Asian Americans aspiring to enter the entertainment industry.
Morris 's overall performance in the Mediterranean was particularly criticized for the state of affairs aboard Chesapeake and his <unk> as a commander.
While babysitting Stewie , Peter takes him along on an all day golf game and Stewie ends up with a tan all over his body.
The archaeology , history and geology of the Somerset Levels was displayed at the Peat Moors Centre until its closure in 2009.
As McKinley had appeared on a version of the 1903 @-@ dated Louisiana Purchase Exposition dollar , the 1916 release made him the first person to appear on two issues of U.S. coins ..
On 21 July 1870 , Tréhot gave birth to a baby girl named Jeanne ( d.
AV @-@ 8Bs were later used in combination with artillery to provide constant fire support for ground forces during heavy fighting in 2004 around the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah.
Work on the palace began in 1747 under the architect Mateus Vicente de Oliveira.
Shakespeare explores these same problems through Robin Starveling.
Shuey competes in local bass fishing tournaments.
The plans for the Polish assault had to be changed due to unexpected Russian actions.
( That , however , is not the case if the attack is being prepared , but not imminent ).
He claimed two Spitfires on 4 September and one more from No. 71 Squadron three days later ..
It must also be of a legal nature and relate directly to an investment.
Stratus is a stable cloud deck which tends to form when a cool , stable air mass is trapped underneath a warm air mass.
Mould or die are the common terms used to describe the tool used to produce plastic parts in moulding ..
While the committees are established by formal Senate rules , there are a number of caucuses that exercise significant influence over the legislative process.
Roxanne Blanford from Allmusic gave the album three out of five stars , stating , " Godsmack confidently brought metal into the technological age ".
In November 1294 Laurence was drowned at sea off the south of England , and his son , William , may have finished some of the final work on Stokesay.
Matsoukas described the process for choosing O 'Shaughnessy as the male love interest , stating that Rihanna had asked her to find a man she could " fake fuck " while filming.
The atrium served as a reception hall in which the paterfamilias ( head of household ) met with clients every morning , from wealthy friends to poorer dependents who received charity.
It was speculated that he was unable to adjust to the schedule of running a television series.
In 1971 , Sleaford parents voted in favour of comprehensive education , but rejected the Council 's proposals.
Two extensive espionage cases in Sweden during the Cold War involved Boden Fortress , both exposed in 1951.
Graham Jones , a missionary who believes he is Dracula 's reincarnation , serves as the game 's antagonist ..
To help fund the acquisition , the company 's cosmetics brands , Max Factor , <unk> and <unk> , were sold to Revlon for $ 345 million.
Languages not indigenous to the islands are also taught in select schools.
The same year , he also served as a writer for Sanjay Gupta 's anthology film , Dus <unk> ..
When the deal became public Coté 's involvement was considered a conflict of interest and Fortier , responsible for the actions of his staff , was forced to resign , despite Morin denying any connection between Kevlar and Couillard ..
The third part , Dušan 's Code itself , was thus probably intended to supplement the first two texts by touching upon issues not covered in them rather than serve as a stand @-@ alone legal system ..
The 34th Infantry had only 2 @,@ 020 and the 19th had 2 @,@ 276 men.
Conditions were not good as both wind and tide were against her.
After hearing the material , president Clive Calder ordered a full album.
Early recording stars from this era included Swinging Busters , The Gaylords , De Boys an Dem and Los Caballeros , while chorale groups also gained fans , especially <unk> <unk> , <unk> Montan 'y and the Dominica Folk singers.
However , large RNA molecules also form characteristic tertiary structures , which are mediated primarily by hydrogen bonds formed between base pairs as well as base stacking.
She was struck by one bomb that killed two men and wounded another two ; five near misses started a serious leak in the starboard engine room.
As the economy soured after the Panic of 1873 , Chinese immigrants were blamed for depressing workmen 's wages.
<unk> tendered his resignation in 1973 , and Wax began to think of retirement.
While operating in all @-@ electric mode the Volt produces no tailpipe emissions.
The Rage ability is also affected by the magic equipped , allowing Kratos to use different Rage attacks , such as the lightning @-@ based Rage of Zeus ..
The court dismissed the original indictment and conviction against Yasui , as well as the petition for the writ on request by the government.
In English , the association between the goldcrest and Eurasian wren may have been reinforced by the kinglet 's old name of " gold @-@ crested wren " ..
The widow of the late Rear Admiral Willis A. " <unk> " Lent presented the original ship 's bell from the first Triton at the new commissioning ceremony.
Following Kamal Haasan 's suggestion , Sethupathi chose Daggubati Venkatesh to play the lead role in the Telugu version.
However , that estimate appears highly unlikely.
" Tat <unk> <unk> " - " That Thou art " ( Chandogya Upanishad ).
Pulaski was also unhappy that his suggestion to create a lancer unit was denied.
He was first sent there in 1324 under supervision and with a large budget to begin training in horsemanship and hunting.
Historian Aniello Angelo <unk> said that the Empress , nicknamed " by her contemporaries as ' Mother of the Brazilians ' , " is " completely unknown in Italy and little studied in Brazil ".
The Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) estimated that shutting down VH @-@ 71 production , upgrading the existing fleet , and later implementing a successor program would cost $ 14 – $ 21 billion.
Cardiff 's secondary weapon system was a 4 @.@ 5 inch Mark 8 naval gun , capable of firing 21 @-@ kilogram ( 46 lb ) shells to a range of 22 kilometres ( 12 nmi ).
There 's no tricks.
The gift was particularly gratifying for Neville ; his family had experienced a deep feud with the former earls of Northumberland , the Percys , who supported the House of Lancaster.
The dark material that was shed by the storms mixed with clouds and changed the belt 's color.
Seventeen @-@ W brought light winds , with gusts reaching gale @-@ force , to Midway Island.
On 8 and 9 June 1967 , he made his highest Test score of 246 not out against India on his home ground of Headingley.
In addition to his son John , who was the first governor of the Saybrook Colony , later generations of his family continued to play an active role in New England politics well into the 19th century.
As they prepare for a skydive Lydia cuts Zoe 's parachute , however the become mixed up.
Meanwhile , Route 168 continues on the old Black Horse Pike as a four @-@ lane divided surface road , with the route officially beginning at the intersection with <unk> Lane.
On February 19 – 20 , a coup occurred , and after the original plot was put down by the Young Turks , they forced Khánh into exile as well.
Markus , at the age of 4 years , had performed the part of The Child in the Cologne première of <unk> , alternating performances with his sister Christel ( Maconie 2005 , 220 ).
The definitions were :.
However , Skinner 's alibi is backed up by video footage.
) is a 2 @.@ 69 @-@ mile ( 4 @.@ 33 km ) long alternate route of MD 404 in Talbot and Caroline counties.
Level design began with a focus on stealth , taking into consideration the positioning of guards and the character 's potential stealth capability at that point in the game.
<unk> sport polski na <unk> 1920 @-@ 2000.
King Vishnuvardhana wanted to perform Vedic sacrifices befitting an emperor , and surpass his overlords , the Western Chalukyas , in military and architectural achievements.
There has been an increase in the number of households from 47 @,@ 214 in 1991 to 52 @,@ 501 in 2006.
On October 1 , a tropical depression originated about 700 mi ( 1 @,@ 100 km ) east @-@ southeast of Bermuda.
As prosperous as the region was , it was not unharmed by the constant Ottoman – Habsburg wars and was often the target of Turkish , Tatar and Hungarian rebel raids.
Ian McKellen was cast as Dussander , and Brad Renfro was cast as Bowden.
The singer performed " Living for Love " wearing a one @-@ piece , matador red outfit , surrounded by male dancers dressed as Minotaurs similar to the song 's music video.
Jones 's character is portrayed as the central figure among the radicals , responsible in large part for the passage of the Thirteenth Amendment.
The weak circulation gradually became better organized , developing into a tropical depression near the Cayman Islands on October 4.
Eventually , the volcano erupts and the village is destroyed , and Takeo dies in an avalanche.
In 2011 , the three different versions were reissued as part of the album 's 25th anniversary celebration.
He was promoted to the rank of rear admiral in December 1942 ..
The first portion of what would become RE 255 was designated on June 12 , 1945 as the first stretch of Farm to Market Road 255 ( FM 255 ).
" I 'm excited " , said Feldman.
This created a chiaroscuro effect , sculpting the bodies into three @-@ dimensional shapes ..
Central Park reported a gust of 51 mph ( 83 km / h ).
Changes were also made to the depot layout to accommodate the new station and the new looped operations.
Some rooms on the planet Cleave , for example , were inspired by Cambodian architecture ..
All lyrics written by Ayumi Hamasaki ..
The Hardy River provides most of the flow into the Colorado River Delta , a vast alluvial floodplain covering about 3 @,@ 000 square miles ( 7 @,@ 800 km2 ) of northwestern Mexico.
Among the interest groups promoting the legacy of Malvern water , the two primary ones are The Malvern Spa Association , and The Friends of Malvern Springs and Wells ..
The games were ported by Bluepoint Games and feature high @-@ definition 1080p anti @-@ aliased graphics at 60 frames per second and trophies.
By 1989 , the standard format single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America , for shipments of at least one million units.
Due to La Salle beating St. Bonaventure in the first round , Temple Owls was matched up with La Salle.
The new Memorial Gardens incorporate the war memorial which was moved from Victoria Square as part of the project.
It is less affected by Jupiter 's magnetosphere than the other inner satellites because of its more remote orbit , located just outside Jupiter 's main radiation belt ..
Chandos remodelled the pre @-@ existing Jacobean house built by Thomas Lake ( which is believed to have been designed by John Thorpe ).
Another memorial was built at his birthplace in Niles under the auspices of the National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Association ( the Association ).
Kiarostami , Abbas , " Le monde d <unk> , " Cahiers du Cinéma no.
Such a response is crucial if <unk> defences are to be effective , since without predators , developing insects would consume more plant material while completing their development.
The college enrolled 97 students in 2014 , about half from Illinois.
Later , Andrew gets upset when Bree plans to fire Tad , and Sam correctly assesses that Andrew is having an affair with him.
To play a prank on the citizens of Springfield , Bart places a radio deep inside a well and uses the microphone to trick the town into thinking a little boy is stuck in it.
PA 263 starts as York Road at its southern terminus at PA 611 ( Easton Road ) in the unincorporated village of Willow Grove in Upper Moreland Township , Montgomery County.
Maggie is the youngest child of Marge and Homer , and sister to Bart and Lisa.
The pileocystidia are joined together and form a continuous layer over the young cap , but break up as the cap expands.
The Croatian Association of Prisoners in Serbian Concentration Camps and Croatian Disabled Homeland War Veterans Association were founded to help victims of prison abuse ..
Filming began October 10 , 2003 , on the standing Enterprise sets as well as a temporary set which represented Loomis ' apartment.
He also read Neal Stephenson 's Snow Crash , works by Robert Anton Wilson , and others ..
This results in the network shown in figure 3 , which can be analysed for <formula> using the usual network analysis theorems ,.
Ubaldini reported Molyneux 's progress in manufacturing the globes to the Duke of Milan.
However , these influences remained largely confined to Messina and the surrounding district.
During the recording of the song , Crosby switched instruments with Hillman to play bass instead of his usual rhythm guitar.
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities , as of 2014 it is followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide.
On arriving at the shipyard , Archer , T 'Pol , and Tucker transport across , and Tucker begins powering up the vessel.
The Bill has been broadcast in over 55 different countries ..
That a further attempt should be made on the experiment was proposed to the Royal Society in 1772 by Nevil Maskelyne , Astronomer Royal.
Michael 's final event is a walk across hot coals.
Five pocket mice ( <unk> <unk> ) were implanted with radiation monitors under their scalps and flown on the mission.
The musical performances were generally well received by reviewers , though a few songs came in for some criticism.
Little Marie is upset that her grandmother has to leave because she was " only in the way " and decides that as a cripple , so was she.
Along with two other cruisers from the II Scouting Group and the dreadnought battleships Kaiser and Kaiserin , Königsberg and Nürnberg escorted minesweepers clearing paths in minefields laid by the British.
To accommodate employees moving from London over 100 cottages and ten shops were built for rent.
Little is known about her overall life ..
Biden would credit her with renewing his interest in both politics and life.
However , Barbette 's death certificate gives his father 's first name as " Jeff.
It was reported in the press that " Blessed " was either held against her will or brainwashed by the society.
It is the final song on Dangerously in Love , and is a hidden track on some copies.
Morton retained his seat with 73 @.@ 55 % ..
In 2008 it was estimated by the WHO that 27 @.@ 4 % of Croatians over age of 15 were smokers.
Dylan would later tell Jann Wenner , " That 's really the way to do a recording — in a peaceful , relaxed setting — in somebody 's basement.
The chorus is repeated twice before the bridge by Williams.
The player traverses the overworld of Koholint Island while fighting monsters and exploring underground dungeons.
He then handed control to Æthelred.
North West Coastal Highway commences at a diamond interchange at the northern end of Brand Highway.
" He went on to add that the song " is an effective look back , a gliding , reassuring number that she [ Madonna ] hasn 't forgotten her beginning.
In 1920 , Franck became professor ordinarius of experimental physics and Director of the Second Institute for Experimental Physics at the University of Göttingen.
These events were later called " the first trade war in medieval Europe " by Bulgarian historians ..
Xenon is a high affinity antagonist at the NMDA receptor glycine site.
One is Port Warwick , named after the fictional city in William Styron 's novel , Lie Down in Darkness.
Radiohead 's ninth studio album , A Moon Shaped Pool , was released digitally on 8 May 2016 , followed by physical versions on 17 June via XL Recordings.
After a funeral at the First Methodist Church in Des Moines , Weaver was buried in that city 's Woodland Cemetery ..
The first Noodles & Company was opened in October 1995 , in the Cherry Creek neighborhood of Denver , Colorado.
This change upset the Germans ' game plan and allowed Keegan to torment his marker , Berti Vogts.
Keil watches as the dragon continues on to the core of the tower , then a blinding light is seen and the tower explodes.
Shortly prior to losing its identity , the remnants of Bola also dropped 100 – 200 mm ( 4 – 8 in ) of precipitation on the South Island of New Zealand ..
Instead of moving beyond the U.S. left and attacking their flank , Longstreet 's left division , under McLaws , would face Maj. Gen. Daniel Sickles 's III Corps directly in their path.
Not wanting to use a roster spot on a kicking specialist ( Groza 's back injury prevented him from playing on the line ) , Brown had signed Sam Baker to kick and play halfback.
We think that such a desire on the part of an accused should be respected.
It was released on July 17 , 2012 by Capitol Records.
A small , low @-@ level swirl of clouds devoid of convection persisted for a few days before dissipating.
Queensland Country Party Premier Joh Bjelke @-@ Petersen had evidence that Colston , a schoolteacher by trade , had set a school on fire during a labour dispute , though the police had refused to prosecute.
Mansfield clung to office until 1788 , ( despite not sitting in court for two years ) in the hope that the government would fall before he was forced to retire.
) ( 1889 ) , Tractatus de globis et eorum usu : A Treatise Descriptive of the Globes Constructed by Emery Molyneux and Published in 1592 [ Hakluyt Society , 1st ser.
In November 1917 , the government issued the Decree on the Press which closed many opposition media outlets deemed counter @-@ revolutionary.
Fincher did not want to shoot the blood with practical effects because wiping everything down after every take would take too long so the murder sequences were done with CG blood ..
Mimicry is to be expected as Batesian mimics with weak defences can gain a measure of protection from their resemblance to aposematic species.
Audio engineer Mick Guzauski explained to <unk> that he used the console 's " Automated EQ feature " on the tracks.
The band do not ascribe any particular meaning to it ; Heppner commented that the artwork , combined with the title , could be " a pre @-@ creation thing " or even " a Billy Joel reference.
This stunt was abandoned when it was determined that even the powerful Chargers would not be able to support the vault 's weight ..
Since 1977 , the winner of Paris – Roubaix has received a sett ( cobble stone ) as part of his prize ..
The Hockey News predicted that the Canucks would win the Northwest Division and finish as the second place team in the Western Conference ..
Christopher Wright and Thomas Percy left together.
Another of these acts was Attitudes , a band put together by his friend , session drummer Jim Keltner.
In April 2015 , Frusciante released his first album under the alias of Trickfinger.
" Never Coming Home " ( Gonna Live My Life Remix ) – Sting.
Both sexes sometimes boom or grunt during threat displays or on encountering strange objects ..
On the same day the Met extended some H & CR services over the ELR to New Cross , calling at new joint stations at Aldgate East and St Mary 's.
These include areas west of Buenos Aires , which can average more than eight dust storms per year , and parts of Patagonia , owing to its aridity and windy climate.
Hill 's subsequent activity , which includes the release of a few songs and occasional festival appearances , has been sporadic and erratic.
Nevertheless , they advanced to play Philadelphia in the 1983 NBA Finals by defeating Portland and San Antonio in the first two rounds.
He was probably also preoccupied with supervising that year 's census.
" Knauf had the intention of marrying Brother Justin to Sofie at some point in the future , and the third season would have shown a three @-@ year @-@ old boy amidst Sofie and the Crowes.
Sonic Adventure 2 was developed by Sonic Team USA , the now @-@ defunct U.S. division of Sonic Team , and published by Sega.
Right whales feed with a wide @-@ open mouth , risking entanglement in any rope or net fixed in the water column.
On July 5 , Ramirez hit his 20th career grand slam — and his third of the season — off Chris Young of the Texas Rangers.
In 1873 a large wooden addition was built north of the stone house , which became a hotel known as the North Mountain House.
Its location on the border of the competing Heracleopolitan and Theban dynasties of the First Intermediate Period , and its proximity to certain oases of possible military importance , ensured Thinis some continued significance in the Old and New Kingdoms.
They are green when immature , turning red and eventually purplish @-@ black as they mature ..
At the moment of the stoppage , the judges had Cotto leading 97 @-@ 91.
Historian Allan Nevins says :.
1998 : The X @-@ Files : The Album , the track " Teotihuacan ".
They are often sent to Ede & Ravenscroft for repair or replacement.
" She also appeared in a music video by Marcy Playground for the film 's soundtrack and starred with Matthew Broderick in Election which is based on Tom Perrotta 's novel.
Otto considered the offer , and thought if the Rangers thought that highly of their opponent , he would be better off playing with Lindros than against him.
In 1977 , de Lucía married Casilda Varela , the daughter of General Varela ; they had three children.
It was his first guest appearance on The Simpsons , but he has appeared many times since.
In mid @-@ 2010 , the entire group were in Los Angeles for a birthday , where Manson suggested they book a studio and spend time writing.
Australian casualties included nine killed and 28 wounded , while one howitzer and two mortars had been damaged.
However , on close inspection , <unk> came to the conclusion that " Express Yourself " was a smart move for Madonna , as it actually portrayed women in a much stronger position.
4 × AGM @-@ 45 Shrike , AGM @-@ 88 HARM , AGM @-@ 78 Standard ARM.
No. 69 Squadron RAF lost 11 Vickers Wellingtons and two damaged.
When they first appeared at Butlins holiday camp Storm wore a turquoise suit with a gold lamé shirt , while the group wore fluorescent suits ..
The international rules ( by the International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) ) specify in rule 141 – Fighting the following penalties ( among others ) :.
Several medical practitioners and amateur historians have read the extensive diaries with a detective 's eye , looking for clues in the diet , for telltale complaints of symptoms , and for suggestive details at the death site.
Another relief dating to the same period shows a similar scene.
In February 1944 , Raymond left King Features and his work on the Sunday Flash Gordon / Jungle Jim pages to join the US Marines , commissioned as a captain and serving in the public @-@ relations arm.
However , [ ʔ ] cannot be voiced , and the voicing of [ <unk> ] is ambiguous.
The limbs play a major part in the movement of the horse , with the legs performing the functions of absorbing impact , bearing weight , and providing thrust.
The Evening Standard described Hewson 's style as " the antithesis of bling " and columnist Amanda Brunker wrote that at age 50 her attractive appearance " seems to defy all the odds " given her hectic lifestyle ..
During the 1988 legislative session , Governor Wilkinson proposed an amendment to the Kentucky Constitution that would allow state officials , including the sitting incumbents , to succeed themselves in office once.
In 1996 , Carla Gopher , daughter of FSU 's Westcott award winner Louise Gopher , became the first Seminole to graduate as a Seminole ..
School on Saturdays was abolished at the Prep School in 1999 ..
The original cattle market was by the church , but sheep were sold on High Street until the early part of the 20th century.
Nazari received a bye in his first match , and lost to Dindo <unk> of Philippines in the second round ..
Most of the inside of the fort is taken up by the parade ground , an area covering 2 @.@ 5 acres ( 1 @.@ 0 ha ).
The 4th and 55th Fighter Regiments had most of the MiG @-@ 3s assigned to the Odessa Military District and their experiences on the first day of the war may be taken as typical.
Spender says that he acted out of his hatred for his father , since the new conspiracy was created by The Smoking Man after the alien rebels burned the original group ..
Robertson @-@ Glasgow described him as a " correct , strong and courageous " batsman who was at his best when his team most needed runs.
Shau noted that the game is still difficult as was its predecessor but said that the sequel is slightly easier.
After initially questioning Irma and Nestor , the detectives Thomson and Thompson suspect the Romani.
As the target aircraft moved to the sides of the fighter , the error in the horizontal angle grew.
The International Chess Congress , St. Petersburg , 1909 , 1910.
The WHERE clause causes the DML statement to act on only those rows for which the predicate evaluates to True.
German successes in Europe encouraged Japan to increase pressure on European governments in Southeast Asia.
Marie @-@ Josée Croze was the obvious choice for Mademoiselle Lise Lundi.
The Svinhufvud Senate and the Parliament decided , on 12 January 1918 to create a " State power of internal order and discipline " , leaning on the White forces.
Hemingway 's stories typically position nature as a source of refuge and rebirth.
He is said to have lived on the island of Wyre and used Orkney 's islands as stepping stones.
The environmental impact of the dam effectively ended the traditional way of life of the native inhabitants.
Many characters struggle to reduce the gap between the rich and poor or try to break free from a dominant cultural tradition , with mixed success ..
The depression made landfall near Barahona , Dominican Republic , with winds of 35 mph ( 55 km / h ).
The testis is placed ventrally ; the ovary is placed dorsally , and the nephridium lies between them.
Starting on Shrove Tuesday , the rioting lasted for five days , as young apprentices burnt and smashed the royally supported brothels.
Mathew Dawson , who trained the winners of twenty @-@ eight Classics said of St. Gatien and St. Simon that " two better animals never trod the turf.
There he continued to speak about his cause.
The students had successfully removed the ' T ' from its mount but were caught in the act by authorities when the removal triggered an alarm.
The storm brought minor impact to Georgia.
There they are introduced to Henry , who is also trying to regain his health.
Separation ( uranium enrichment ) would have to be achieved at a large scale.
The next system , a short @-@ lived Tropical Depression Three @-@ E , did not result in impact as a tropical cyclone , though the precursor brought heavy rainfall and gusty winds to Central America.
Alien Invasion , released in 2004 , did not receive the same abundance of praise as its predecessor , although most scores were above 7 out of 10.
A national war memorial , a stone obelisk , 50 feet ( 15 m ) high , was funded by public donations and built in Salisbury in 1919.
On February 5 , he led the Third Brigade into the Battle of Hatcher 's Run.
However the new body has resulted in substantially increased weight over the outgoing model ..
Cal noted : " In the five years since leaving Turkey , <unk> had managed to erase just about everything identifiably Greek about her.
However , the garrison commander refused to pay ..
On March 1942 the Army Air Force activated Wendover Army Air Field and also assigned the research and development of guided missiles , pilotless aircraft , and remotely controlled bombs to the site.
The first paper begins by defining set , subset , etc.
Amelia , now wanting to avenge Cooper , learns from the local Seminoles that there is an Inca city in <unk> Valley where several barrels of the Fountain 's water have been stored ..
The stream flows through Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 308 for most of its length.
Conway , who performed under the pseudonym Dave <unk> , suggested a number of potential band names , including the Burning Peacocks , before the trio settled on My Bloody Valentine.
" The Official Nintendo Magazine gave the game a mediocre score of 69 % praising the graphics and gameplay , they were critical however of the constant backtracking and confusing plot.
Interstate 470 ( I @-@ 470 ) is a 13 @.@ 72 @-@ mile ( 22 @.@ 08 km ) loop highway that bypasses the downtown area of Topeka , Kansas.
Hitting many cover drives , Craig scored quickly , making 98 of the 159 runs scored in a partnership with Keith Miller , a Test player known for his attacking strokeplay.
At quasi @-@ equilibrium prices popt in the convexified economy , every good 's market is in equilibrium : Its supply equals its demand ..
This apparently convinced Irataba , who traveled to the Colorado River Valley with about 800 people , almost a fifth of the entire Mohave Nation.
Allmusic 's MacKenzie Wilson awarded the album three out of five stars and described it as a " solid holiday effort " for both " casual and die @-@ hard music fans ".
A Healing Question <unk> , 1656.
He said that NATO 's regret over the attack was not enough and such incidents had happened in the past , killing 72 soldiers and injuring more than 250 troops in three years.
Two years passed , until Leland wrote requesting the return of the manuscript in order to submit it to a different publishing house.
The Horse Guards building was designed by William Kent , and built during the 1750s on a former tiltyard site , replacing an earlier guard @-@ house erected during the Civil War.
Satisfied won the 2009 Gospel Music Association Dove Award for Rock Album of the Year ..
In general , rape is a difficult subject , and to see it used as a plot device creates problems on its own.
Both Stern magazine and Munich 's <unk> described her as an " extremely talented interpreter of Wagner 's music ".
The co @-@ main event featured a bout between two top contenders and undefeated light heavyweights , Lyoto Machida and Thiago Silva.
After months of fierce fighting , in February 1634 Shein capitulated.
Vagrants to Europe , where identified to subspecies , are nominate T. m. migratorius , but the Greenland birds also included T. m. <unk> , and some of the southern <unk> may have been T. m. <unk> ..
The Tigers played on despite Martin 's death , winning two of three games against their PCHA rivals.
Jerry ( frightened ) eventually goes to the bathroom , abandoning George ( also frightened ) , who attempts to compliment Alton about his book , Fair Game.
Beck recalled performing a live version with Hendrix on lead guitar , but a recording has not been forthcoming ..
All four crew members ejected successfully ..
Three investigators spent two hours searching the habitat in 1973 and located only 13 specimens ; a trip later that summer yielded none.
To Zaillian , there was always a " low @-@ grade " anxiety , " but I was never doing anything specifically to please or displease , " he continued.
The basis for such included slightly stronger than normal trade winds and slightly warmer than normal sea surface temperatures across the Caribbean Sea and tropical North Atlantic.
" GameSpot called the story " engrossing , " and said that " the game is very well written , offering up a number of strong characters and serious themes.
These multi @-@ track communications from various command posts <unk> at the same minute and seconds as other command posts were communicating provide a " composite " picture of what was taking place ..
At these sessions , the band recorded rough rhythm tracks with Flood.
The event was attended by around 100 residents from the area.
Geoffrey of Anjou 's plans for the inheritance of his lands had been ambiguous , making the veracity of his son Geoffrey 's claims hard to assess.
In 1949 Wheeler was appointed Honorary Secretary of the British Academy after Frederic G. Kenyon stepped down from the position.
This trend will start reversing at the onset of <unk> <unk> with the <unk> @-@ <unk> ara being the first ara of <unk> ( half @-@ time cycle of regeneration ) ..
Rothbard rejected the view that Ronald Reagan 's 1980 election as President was a victory for libertarian principles , and he attacked Reagan 's economic program in a series of Libertarian Forum articles.
The Japanese Peace Bell at the headquarters of the United Nations in New York was donated by Japan in 1954 as a symbol of world peace.
Beginning at the age of 14 , he worked in his father 's Clerk of the County Court office for about six years.
Apart from Langdell , Hand 's professors included Samuel Williston , John Chipman Gray , and James Barr Ames.
US 31 ran along the northern edge of Mona Lake and crossed the Black Creek in Norton Shores.
Subsidies are not an inherently bad thing as many technologies and industries emerged through government subsidy schemes.
Jovanovski contributed a goal and five points in six post @-@ season games ..
The working title of the programme was " Eurovision Song Contest for Children " , branded with the name of the EBU 's already popular song competition , the Eurovision Song Contest.
Surfaces cause varying amounts of noise ; for example , carpet is quiet and ceramic tiles are very loud.
There , US 23 curves east , separating from I @-@ 75.
The umpire for the fifth year was old Etonian and former Cambridge rower Frederick I. Pitman who rowed in the 1884 , 1885 and 1886 races ..
He attended annual reunions of MacArthur 's key officers , held on MacArthur 's birthday , starting in 1949.
Overall , each side suffered more losses on this date than on any other day during the Battle of Britain.
Language Corner and Geology Corner were closed for repairs for more than five years ; most of that time was spent negotiating with the Federal Emergency Management Agency over paying for the repairs.
Killebrew 's arrival and home runs did little to improve the Senators ' record , as they finished in the second division of the American League every year he played for Washington , including four years in last place.
However , the instrument did gradually become popular with jazz players.
For much of the ships ' careers , they were assigned to the main Italian fleet , where they were frequently occupied with conducting training exercises.
After the release of Love ? , it was reported that Lopez 's former husband Ojani Noa had filed a lawsuit against Lopez over " One Love " , claiming that it contained lyrics about him without his prior knowledge.
Derek has a right to be pissed.
In the end , a twenty @-@ volume report covered no fewer than 125 different ideas for missile systems , nine of which were reviewed in great detail ..
Kepler @-@ 8b was the last of the first five planets that Kepler discovered.
The family grew rapidly , but of the 12 children born to the family in Iglau only six survived infancy.
A " Gregory of London " was working in Rome as a gold @-@ <unk> to Pope Alexander IV in 1263 , and the Vatican inventory in Rome of 1295 records well over 100 pieces of English work.
Finally , by 19 : 00 B Company was able break contact and withdrew after a five @-@ hour battle , moving into a night harbour near the landing zone with the remainder of the battalion.
Devika Rani was born into a Bengali family in Waltair near Visakhapatnam in present @-@ day Andhra Pradesh.
He spent three seasons with Shrewsbury , then joined Accrington Stanley in July 2009 after a loan period the previous season ..
The original design was part of an ambitious naval construction plan to build 33 battleships and 167 smaller ships.
Thomson insisted the council " act only in local , nonpolitical matters " , which sparked discontent among the Armenians.
Manning was a writer by profession , while her creation was not ..
Six months after releasing the record , Rihanna began planning a fifth studio album , promising that her new material would be " more energetic " than her previous works ..
German bombs seriously damaged the house , revealing its medieval interior , and as a result Southampton City Council bought the property.
He finished the season with 16 appearances and one goal for Barnsley ..
During his early years as a practising barrister , Garrow was particularly noted for his aggressive and confrontational style of cross @-@ examination.
On 7 August 1942 , Allied forces ( primarily U.S. ) landed on Guadalcanal , Tulagi , and Florida Islands in the Solomon Islands.
Most historians dispute the claims of Żydokomuna ..
Plotkin was succeeded by Kenneth Segel in 1992 , and the following year Howard <unk> joined as cantor.
They created the best chance of the first half , when a cross from Wiltord found Lauren , who headed the ball just over the crossbar.
For a lowpass constant k prototype that is scaled :.
Another possibility is that Domnall had been appointed king not long before his victory over the Leinstermen , or else not long afterwards.
A month later he was recalled to Loftus Road , but he was not to feature again in the Rangers team.
They departed on 22 December and arrived off Fort Fisher on Christmas Eve.
In 1942 , Bellette 's won the Sir John Sulman Prize with For Whom the Bell Tolls.
Sheppard threw himself into a hedonistic whirl of drinking and whoring.
He worked there for over a decade , composing many of his best @-@ known scores.
For the duration of the Exams , Orochimaru laid in wait and secretly murdered the Fourth Kazekage to assume his identity and get close to his mentor as the invasion begins.
Modern Painting London : Walter Scott , 1893.
A number of remixes were issued alongside the regular version.
In December 2006 , she donated $ 1 million to the Baltimore School for the Arts in memory of her friend Tupac ..
He has stated that , during his tirades , his father would call him a " loser " , which motivated him later as he grew more ambitious to prove himself.
The residents of St. George were shocked at the sight of Forrest 's hanging , and one man was reputed to have said , " I have observed that tree growing there for the last 25 years.
Throughout history , players find new allies , complete side quests , and search for keynote villains.
Afterward the female will begin to lay 20 to 80 pearly white eggs in 2 days.
Grasses and forbs tolerant to freezing throughout the growing season occupy the understory ..
Nocturnal species are more constrained by the lack of light , so their communication systems differ from those of diurnal species , often using long @-@ range calls to claim their territory ..
The setlist for the tour consisted of successes from the 1980s , with a specific emphasis on the Powerslave era for set design.
Vincent D 'Onofrio turned down the role and the filmmakers were forced to continue their search ..
However , he scored heavily and compiled 2 @,@ 263 runs at an average of 66 @.@ 55 to lead the first @-@ class averages.
Nürnberg and Leipzig were also sunk , though Dresden managed to escape temporarily , before she too was destroyed off Juan Fernández Island.
" The film critic Robin Wood wrote that through her child abuse , Asami is taught that love and pain must be inseparable.
Recognizing that a major Japanese attack was underway , Puller requested reinforcement.
This is causing the equator to bulge outward because of centrifugal effects , and , as a result , there is a variation of temperature across the star 's photosphere that reaches a maximum at the poles.
Prince of Asturias Award for Sports : 2010.
No housemates represented from series participated in Ultimate Big Brother , neither did any participate in tasks during that series ..
He spoke with New York Governor William H. Seward and secured his promise to pardon Alexander McLeod , who had seized and burned the Caroline , if he were convicted of a crime in New York.
While not recommending dissolution , the Monckton report was strongly critical of the Federation.
Amato and Hill met in four final rounds that season , with Hill winning three.
There are a number of different methods that can be used to treat self @-@ harm and which concentrate on either treating the underlying causes or on treating the behaviour itself.
The dam at Chocolate Lake overflowed due to the rainfall , and a dam broke in Great Village , destroying a nearby bridge.
It provides the largest constant @-@ width shape avoiding the points of an integer lattice , and is closely related to the shape of the quadrilateral maximizing the ratio of perimeter to diameter.
He spent his time either attending Parliament or in the house of his sister Joaquina Marques de Sousa , who had married a member of the influential Carneiro Leão clan.
As of 2015 , Mojang has yet to reveal more about their modding API ..
Entrance to the <unk> Canyon section of the park downstream of Labyrinth Falls is prohibited.
While the coat of arms of the Holy See combines the tiara with the crossed keys of St. Peter , that of the Lisbon Patriarchate combines it with a processional cross and a pastoral staff ..
When Europeans arrived in the late 18th century , settlers introduced cattle , sheep and game animals , many of which became feral and began to damage the mountain 's ecology.
The player may interact with and receive quests from the prison 's residents , and earns information , tools and other rewards by completing quests.
Wiene filmed a test scene to demonstrate Warm , Reimann , and Röhrig 's theories , and it so impressed the producers that the artists were given free rein.
Apple offers several iPad accessories , most of which are adapters for the proprietary 30 @-@ pin dock connector , the iPad 's only port besides the headphone jack.
After a short time away from the music business , he resumed his music career with solo bands the Ian Gillan Band and Gillan , before a year @-@ long stint as the vocalist for Black Sabbath.
Samuel Gray called it the " tuberous naked @-@ foot " in his 1821 Natural Arrangement of British plants ..
This was the case in " Oliver " in The Brady Bunch or " Luke " on Growing Pains.
The 747 has been in 32 hijackings , which caused 24 fatalities.
The range of this species is divided into northern and southern subpopulations , which are separated by several hundred kilometers.
Constantine 's armies emerged victorious.
The males stay on land and try to mate with as many females as they can ; some of them will even fast.
The grenade needed a delay for the thrower to get clear , so the woollen sock was covered in a sticky substance ensuring that the bomb stayed in place for a few seconds before detonating.
The Requiem , Op. 48 , was not composed to the memory of a specific person but , in Fauré 's words , " for the pleasure of it.
However , the threat of the stored gas being dispersed led to the island being evacuated as a precaution.
As the name suggests , the ride is themed to the 1997 film , Men in Black ( MIB ).
He also hit .372 ( 73 of 196 ) with 12 HR and 49 RBI in the sixth inning and later ..
Giant anteaters typically rest in dense brush , but may use tall grass on cooler days.
Stock began training as a professional wrestler in Winnipeg , Manitoba 's Top Rope Championship Wrestling.
The 1st Squadron , 8th Cavalry then advanced eastward until it was stopped by a Japanese bunker complex on the edge of the Lorengau airstrip.
Shortly after its peak , Hurricane Carlotta weakened slightly as to the eye 's began to interact with land.
As the high command of the ARVN worked closely with American military advisers deployed in the country , Nhu used the combat police and Tung 's Special Forces , who took their orders directly from him.
On October 24 – 25 , 1902 , Michigan defeated the University of Chicago 16 @-@ 12 in " the first intercollegiate golf match held in the West.
It is apparently monogamous , but little else is known of its courtship behaviour.
<unk> , a free implementation of the Secure <unk> Layer ( SSL ) and Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) protocols , forked from the OpenSSL <unk> branch.
They accomplished their task and the R @-@ 2s were withdrawn from combat operations until the following year.
" Blame It on Lisa " is the fifteenth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons.
More than 400 people attended the ceremony , which this year also included 68 Christmas trees decorated with 1 @,@ 500 lights ..
He wrote lots of it , reams and reams of it ..
Byrd deeded the property to his brother , Colonel William Byrd ; henceforth that house has been known as the " Byrd House " ..
The flowers are catkins and the light , winged seed get widely scattered by the wind.
, Ltd was not involved in development.
In what is known as the " Flu Game " , Jordan scored 38 points , including the game @-@ deciding 3 @-@ pointer with 25 seconds remaining.
On March 26 he was informed that France and Spain had made peace with Britain , one of the last preconditions for a final peace.
When asked about the record , Madonna said she wanted people to concentrate on the musical aspects of it , and would like the songs to speak for themselves.
Today known as the Comstock Prize in Physics , the award in the amount of $ 20 @,@ 000 is granted every five years by the Academy ..
He called for the creation of an educational television network and initiated the state 's first publicly funded bookmobile program.
The adult male has a bright green body and wings , red head , and scarlet rump and tail.
Although many Polish personnel had died in the fighting or had been interned in Switzerland following the fall of France , General Sikorski refused French Marshal Philippe Pétain 's proposal of a Polish capitulation to Germany.
Harding concurred , and after some diplomatic discussions , representatives of nine nations convened in Washington in November 1921.
In 1677 he is known to have killed a man in a duel for the affections of a young lady.
In 1675 , Cassini discovered the gap now known as the Cassini Division ..
At the same time , he served as the consul for his guild of the Arte di Calimala and watched over the raising of the campanile of the <unk>.
During the Towel 's debut game Andy Russell , who had opposed the idea of the Towel , returned a fumble 93 ‒ yards for a touchdown.
Occupy western New Britain , establishing air forces at Cape Gloucester , Arawe and Gasmata ..
Although the original estimate of attendees was only a few hundred , several thousand fans turned up.
The Wildrose Party proposes numerous changes to how the province delivers health care , which it claims will remain compliant with the Canada Health Act , as well as controls on government spending.
Filming was tough work , but I think the finished result is worth it.
Filming lasted 60 days in early 2005 and took place mainly on a sound stage in Montreal ..
Antiemetic and laxative treatment should be commenced concurrently with strong opioids , to counteract the usual nausea and constipation.
Yucca Mountain and surrounding lands were central in the lives of the Southern Paiute , Western Shoshone , and Owens Valley Paiute and Shoshone peoples , who shared them for religious ceremonies , resource uses , and social events ..
The Nittany Lions were one of only six schools nationwide with four or more first @-@ team selections.
Critics of the Illinois Militia , mostly members of the Regular Army , attacked their behavior at the debacle at Stillman ' Run.
Geoff Emerick and Jon Jacobs were chosen to engineer the new tracks ..
He never appeared to be truly comfortable in films , feeling the roles assigned him did not match his personality ..
Following an interception by the Auburn defense , the Tigers were extended their lead to 6 – 0.
With most the ROK II Corps ' units destroyed by November 27 , the UN right flank had fallen to the Chinese ..
Spores of Hydnellum are almost spherical to oblong and tuberculate , and are brown in mass.
It severely limited the German armed forces by restricting the size of the army to 100 @,@ 000 and disallowing a navy or air force.
Cordelia also appears in a dream sequence within the twentieth issue of Buffy 's canonical continuation , Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight , titled " After These Messages ... We 'll Be Right Back ! ".
The official opening took place on Sunday , 19 September 1926 as Belfast Celtic provided the opposition in an exhibition game.
The distances between the stars are , therefore , much greater within the newly discovered extended clusters.
Members of the Ministerium could be found in Pennsylvania , New York , New Jersey , Maryland , Virginia , and even the Carolinas ..
Viking raids took place for instance in 987 and 997 at Watchet and the Battle of Cynwit.
Tom Shales of Washington Post said that " the show needs a better premise and funnier dialogue ".
Loud snorting is associated with alarm.
Steve Earhart called the episode " a hilarious special that runs perfect with the six other quirky and crazy @-@ funny episode.
Peter Lever , a Test colleague , discussed with Boycott his vulnerability when playing the hook stroke , which was to get him out on more than one occasion.
Jonathan D. Libby , Deputy Federal Public Defender , appeared on behalf of Alvarez ..
The executive : the Federal Executive Council , which in practice gives legal effect to the decisions of the cabinet , comprising the prime minister and ministers of state who advise the Governor @-@ General ;.
Louis ' neglect of Polish affairs resulted in the loss of Casimir 's territorial gains , including Halych Rus ' , recovered by Queen Jadwiga in 1387.
The Icelandic government also believes that there are many more untapped geothermal sources throughout the country , estimating that over 20 TWh per year of unharnessed geothermal energy is available.
In 1919 Boncho <unk> was imprisoned in <unk> for eight months before he was acquitted , Ivan Kovachev was put on trial , and the bank 's funds were sealed.
The fight went the distance and Dyer was awarded the bout on points decision , making him the Welsh welterweight champion.
The twin @-@ pack release was later released individually on March 20 , 2001.
The secondary battery comprised sixteen 152 mm ( 6 @.@ 0 in ) 45 @-@ caliber guns , all mounted in casemates clustered around the forward and aft main battery turrets.
Teika made many manuscript copies of Japanese classics , including such landmarks of Japanese literature as The Tale of Genji , The Tales of Ise and the Kokinshū anthology.
The starship USS Enterprise arrives at planet M @-@ 113 to provide medical exams for Professor Robert Crater ( Alfred Ryder ) and his wife Nancy ( Jeanne Bal ) , who operate a research station there.
However , a revised edition , with several changes to the barring as well as some corrections , was issued in 1965 ..
Some , such as E. O. Wilson of Harvard University , predict that human destruction of the biosphere could cause the extinction of one @-@ half of all species in the next 100 years.
On 28 June 2010 , schedule flight to Moscow was launched ..
The Octavium was utilized by several recording artists of that era , most notably the Grateful Dead , bassist Monk Montgomery , bassist Nathan East , and the Pointer Sisters.
They further reported that Calcraft arrived with only one piece of hand luggage , a carpet bag containing " a new rope , a white cap , and some <unk> straps " ..
The twenty @-@ six page preamble to the resolutions laid out the Relief faction 's reasoning upon the subject of debt relief and legislative supremacy.
He traded with the indigenous peoples , and , according to a tradition reported by Meginness ( 1892 ) , he had a Native American wife.
The number <unk> / n is the primitive nth root of unity with the smallest positive argument.
During his recovery , he told reporters with Swedish newspaper Expressen that he was unsure he could continue playing ..
The War Department purchased 7 @,@ 500 @-@ acre ( 3 @,@ 000 ha ) of farmland east of Youngstown , New York , in 1941 as a location to manufacture TNT.
According to bassist Guto Pryce the " electronic part " was composed by keyboard player Cian Ciaran " quite a few years " before its eventual release.
They are generally non @-@ aggressive , with the exception of rutting males.
In 1936 the association asked a Brooklyn @-@ based <unk> skiing club to build its new 40 @-@ meter ( 130 ft ) ski jumping slope in Rosendale.
Researchers found that when P. ochraceus were exposed to 21 ° C ( 70 ° F ) and 770 ppm carbon dioxide ( beyond rises expected in the next century ) , they were relatively unaffected.
On 1 July 2008 , the club announced local car dealership Perry 's as the club 's new main sponsor , with the stadium being rebranded as the Perry 's Crabble Stadium.
The second part , Diaspora , focuses on the impacts of Scots on events , the world , and industries.
On the wall to the right were Saturn <unk> His Son and Judith and Holofernes.
The bonding is expected to be provided by a 7p3 / 2 electron of ununseptium and the 1s electron of hydrogen.
Fanning called it " a sad story of touring and the absence loneliness that comes with it ".
Nova has significant psionic potential , but has been kept out of the Confederate ghost operative training program because of her father 's influence.
Longerich , Peter ( 2012 ).
Lawyer Man was his final film ..
The eighth update was released initially to iOS on March 20 , 2012 in a lead @-@ up to the release of Angry Birds Space.
Mountain hare ( apparently absent in the 18th century ) and rabbit are now abundant and preyed upon by wild cat and pine marten.
As indicated in the table below , each basin uses a separate system of terminology , which can make comparisons between different basins difficult.
Following the lead of Stinky Toys , Métal Urbain played its first concert in December 1976.
The remake features altered controls , due to the lack of a right analog stick on the PSP , as well as some slightly different graphics and mini @-@ games ..
Morton was re @-@ elected with 82 @.@ 30 % ..
The state 's largest city , Seattle , lies 237 miles ( 381 km ) southwest of Omak.
Valiente was born Doreen Edith Dominy on 4 January 1922 at Colliers Wood in the Southern English town of Mitcham , Surrey.
The incubation time ( to the first signs and symptoms ) ranges from three to 35 days , with a more common span of six to 20 days.
During his NBA career , Barkley was a constant mismatch because he possessed a set of very uncommon skills and could play in a variety of positions.
Fort Budapest was the northernmost fort of the Israeli Bar Lev Line.
While initial rations are fairly small , a special " meal ticket " is made available later in the game , which provides larger rations.
While there are specific types of underlying rhythms , the accompanying player is free to express an original musical beat.
Other examples included in The Next Generation with the return of Tasha Yar in " Yesterday 's Enterprise " and the death of Miles O 'Brien in the Deep Space Nine episode " Visionary ".
Wilkes Creek , the slough 's only free flowing tributary , is about 2 miles ( 3 km ) long and enters the upper slough from the south.
Born to an ecclesiastical family , he became a monk at Cluny Abbey in France at about the age of twenty.
The music on the record was more diverse than what the band had done on previous releases , incorporating elements of garage rock , worldbeat , and psychedelia ..
He became a trader in New Guinea when the war ended in 1945 , and later a coffee planter.
In the same year , in response to Azerbaijani President Heydar Aliyev 's statements that Azerbaijan was " ready to solve the Karabakh problem by force , " Sargsyan replied , " Let him do it.
The present building , a neoclassical structure , was opened in 1915 , with additions in 1974 by Kenzo Tange and in 2006 by Michael Graves ..
In the latter issue , Constantine , having jumped from a train at the end of Hellblazer # 6 , is found by gay bashers in a weakened state and severely beaten until rescued by Swamp Thing.
She worked closely with both teams while writing and changing melodies , and was in charge of the process ..
" Why throw good money after bad ? " he asks rhetorically.
Alex J. Gray , Air Mechanic First Class , 56 Squadron :.
So I got a little lucky there , but Derek gave me a great pass and when I got the pass I was moving across.
In 1997 , Dani became Honorary Director at the Taxila Institute of Asian Civilizations.
The world 's earliest surviving hand cannon is the Heilongjiang hand cannon dated 1288 , which was found in Mongol @-@ held Manchuria.
The principes stood in the second battle line , behind hastati of the first line and in front of the triarii in the third.
The A6M Zeros and D3As from the sisters attacked and sank the destroyer.
His physicians , led by Lord Dawson of Penn , issued a bulletin with words that became famous : " The King 's life is moving peacefully towards its close.
The origin ( 0 @,@ 0 ) is marked with a black point ..
" I was petrified of writing a new song without Mutt.
The inflatable pig was tethered to one of the power station 's southern chimneys , but broke loose from its moorings and , to the astonishment of pilots in approaching planes , drifted into the flight path of Heathrow Airport.
Damage in Fajardo was estimated at $ 10 @,@ 000 after homes were inundated by flood waters.
They did not make any distinction between essential and incidental matters with respect to biblical inspiration ..
Dr. Mephesto is based on Marlon Brando 's character Dr. Moreau in the 1996 film , The Island of Dr. Moreau , which is based on the 1896 H.G. Wells novel of the same name.
While reviewing Madonna 's album Hard Candy , he commented that " Hey You " failed to be the equivalent of Madonna 's cover version of John Lennon 's song " Imagine ".
ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots ( 39 mph , 63 km / h ) or tropical storm strength.
This analysis was accepted by Brate & Wessén although they noted that the name contains ʀ instead of the expected r , whereas the Rundata corpus gives the slightly different form <unk> ..
In recognition of his contributions to military aviation , an airport outside of Wichita , Kansas was named in his honor.
Camp Burnett , a Confederate recruiting post two miles west of Clinton in Hickman County , Kentucky , was named after him ..
The last two matches were two @-@ day non @-@ first @-@ class matches against Scotland , both won by an innings.
" At Metacritic , which uses a normalized rating system , the film earned a " universal acclaim " level rating of 92 / 100 based on 16 reviews by mainstream critics.
The Times critic recorded after one such appearance that Grainger 's playing " revealed rare intelligence and a good deal of artistic insight ".
While accompanying his sister to a planning session at Vows , Carter renews his acquaintance with Mac , and confesses that he had been infatuated with her since high school.
Marlon Brando ( Mark Antony ) was in awe of him , and James Mason ( Brutus ) was disheartened at Gielgud 's seemingly effortless skill.
Reviews for the album were generally positive , earning a rating of 75 out of 100 on Metacritic , a decline from their previous two studio albums.
He used Johann Friedrich Gmelin 's 1788 name , which predated Vigors and Horsfield 's description.
In 2012 Cook County Inspector General Blanchard subpoenaed the Assessor 's office seeking documents related to the exemptions.
Near Janeway Avenue , four people were killed in an area where multiple homes were completely destroyed.
An extract from an earlier Pipe roll , from the 25th regnal year of Henry I or 1124 , has been found in a 14th @-@ century manuscript now in the Cotton Library at the British Museum.
In the episode , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) receives a peculiar gift from the late Don Geiss ( Rip Torn ).
The Naval Law also increased the naval budget by an additional 1 billion marks.
The redeveloped stadium had a capacity of 45 @,@ 000.
He noted that Mars had a " considerable but moderate atmosphere , so that its inhabitants probably enjoy a situation in many respects similar to ours ".
Titania consists of approximately equal amounts of ice and rock , and is probably differentiated into a rocky core and an icy mantle.
Seeking a new collective bargaining agreement with free agency a major factor , the head of the National Football League Players Association Gene Upshaw managed to convince Easley and hundreds of his fellow NFL players to go on strike.
In his first year playing professionally , 2008 , he won the South Atlantic League pitching triple crown.
During the combat , he became involved in a dogfight with two experienced opponents ; the Soviet pilots tried to force him into a trap , one chasing the other in an attempt to cut him off.
The total historical North Pacific population was estimated at 42 @,@ 000 to 45 @,@ 000 before the start of whaling.
, Rey Bucanero and El Satánico defeated Apolo Dantés , Black Warrior , and Dr. Wagner Jr ..
The American Red Cross deployed a team of 15 people to Puerto Rico , who specialized in damage assessment , health services , or other services.
In 2009 , he won the Webby Award for Film & Video Person of the Year.
Subcommittee on International Monetary Policy and Trade.
Kirshner opined that the situation with Jenny was " not pretty ".
Cornell said that " after a number of years , you start to feel like you 're acting.
The mix of the progressive and power metal sounds is typified by New Jersey 's Symphony X , whose guitarist Michael Romeo is among the most recognized of latter @-@ day shredders ..
On whether or not Kevin will ever love her , DeGarmo said : " I know she sure hopes so.
On the election day , he gives a mediocre speech in front of the student body.
These include rights to.
The Japanese were believed to be short of food and ammunition , and suffering from malnutrition and disease ..
In the prevailing Standard Model of physics , the photon is one of four gauge bosons in the electroweak interaction ; the other three are denoted W + , W − and Z0 and are responsible for the weak interaction.
Mr Parsons served until 1833 when he accepted posts in Tully , New York and Otisco , New York.
In Martha Bayles ' opinion , it drew from jazz only in its element of free improvisation and from rock only in its use of electronics and " ear @-@ bleeding volume ".
He patrolled the Tyrol and there repulsed Prince Reuss @-@ Plauen 's forces in an action fought on 14 June 1800 , the day when First Consul Napoleon Bonaparte was winning at Marengo further to the south.
John Serba of the Grand Rapids Press named it his favorite episode , " because the tale of Lisa 's conversion to vegetarianism has more humorous scenes per square inch than any other episode.
The raccoon was a protected species in Germany , but has been declared a game animal in 14 states since 1954.
Another interruption , both dramatically and musically , is that provided by the appearance of Doctor Spinelloccio.
In his junior season , Middleton posted averages of 21 points and 8 @.@ 6 rebounds per game and was named state player of the year.
Some men who choose this role may do so because they enjoy being an active part of their children 's lives , while in other families , the mother wants to pursue her career.
With the release of " Flux " , Bloc Party 's style became even more diverse with the inclusion of electronic music.
Susan Irvine describes five historical watersheds in the development of the Old English language , the fourth of which is the Benedictine Reform , which " led indirectly to the establishment of an Old English ' literary language ' ".
It is described by Robert H. Hewsen as " a simple hermitage ".
Prior to Spanish contact , the Ohlone formed a complex association of approximately 50 different " nations or tribes " with about 50 to 500 members each , with an average of 200.
On October 30 , 1950 , a group of Puerto Rican nationalists attacked the governor 's mansion , La Fortaleza , as part of widespread armed revolts that day , which included the Jayuya and the Utuado Uprisings.
To create the material for Highway 61 Revisited , Dylan spent a month writing in his new home in the Byrdcliffe artists ' colony of Woodstock in upstate New York.
When , in 1981 , a scientific article was published that reported the deaths of five young gay men , no one knew that they had died from AIDS.
In January 2001 , the magazine ranked the show number 2 on its " 50 Greatest Game Shows " list — second only to The Price Is Right.
The signs of divergence were already apparent that afternoon.
The children ( Dhritarashtra and Pandu ) became fathers of the Kauravas and Pandavas , respectively.
Affectionately known as " Sully , " many believe him to be " the embodiment of Aggie Spirit and tradition.
On 6 February , the two ships refueled from the tanker Schlettstadt south of Cape Farewell.
Ely convinced the Kingsmen to learn the song , which they played at dances to a great crowd response.
The FDLR which is the greatest concern , was some 6 @,@ 000 strong , in July 2007.
As designed , the ships displaced 7 @,@ 600 long tons ( 7 @,@ 700 t ).
Relations between Siward and King Edward appear to have been good.
Late on March 15 , ahead of the system affecting Tonga , gale warnings were issued for the Southern Tongan island groups of Haʻapai , Tongatapu and Vavaʻu.
A newspaper , <unk> ( Solidarity ) , was founded , but the name was changed to Die Einigkeit ( Unity ) the following year.
Morgan 's forces were able to prevent the radical crowds from entering either Penydarren or <unk> , and Bute arrested potential insurgents in Cardiff ..
He was next moved to <unk> for convalescing and there Trenchard confirmed that he was suffering from partial paralysis below the waist.
Hassett had outlined after the Victory Tests that the post @-@ war era should be about " cricket , not war ".
" Kimi Räikkönen expressed disappointment with not being able to win , but said he was " very happy how the team is working " and highlighted the big step forward Ferrari had made over the winter.
One dolphin then rolls over , after which the fishermen throw out their nets.
During the Late Mycenaean period , smaller types of shields were adopted , either of completely circular shape , or almost circular with a cut out part from their lower edge ..
Miller came to the crease when Bradman fell with the score at 3 / 149.
She added , " It 's more like a movie.
Brian Blessed originally auditioned for the role of Sio Bibble , the Governor of Naboo , for which he was considered " too loud ".
MUX D broadcasts three nationwide channels <unk> televizija ( <unk> ) , RTL <unk> and Croatian Music Channel ( CMC ) in addition to local TV channels ..
Khan appears as a playable character in Lego Marvel 's Avengers , voiced by Ashley Burch ..
On lap 23 , Michael McDowell and P.J. Jones drove to the garage , followed by Joe Nemechek two laps later.
However , batsmen from the subcontinent were less likely to be lbw wherever they played in the world ..
To the left of the open space north of the medieval city are the steep southern slopes of the <unk> <unk> , a geological feature whose remains still stretch north through the city.
It portrays Mars as a " lonely balladeer " who sits at his piano donned in a pair of sunglasses while setting a half @-@ full glass of whiskey atop it.
For the early part of this period , this is best attested by the Karnak king list , a list of kings commissioned by pharaoh Thutmose III.
Gage determined that the Church had acted against women 's interests in important ways : from Roman Catholic canon law , to Scripture , to its advocacy of celibacy and more.
Halfway through filming series two , Macfadyen got to carry a gun for the first time in the series ; he was disappointed in not carrying one in the first series ..
Although on 21 October the Japanese withdrew from Siki Cove , the fighting around Katika continued for four more days as the Japanese attempted to retake it against fierce resistance from the 2 / 28th.
That makes her a candidate.
In April 1915 he welcomed the start of World War I as a conflict that would bring about the defeat of Germany 's enemies and the establishment of a golden age for the new Ario @-@ German Empire.
The original herd stallion Mesteño was used as the model for a series of Breyer Horses , showing the horse at several ages from foal to old age.
By 21 July 1914 , the British had postponed delivery of Reşadiye and Sultan Osman @-@ ı Evvel as tensions flared in Europe following the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand on 28 June.
The Red Claws were the affiliated team of the Boston Celtics and the Charlotte Bobcats.
Thomas S. Hinde was born April 19 , 1785 in Hanover County , Virginia , to Dr. Thomas Hinde ( 1737 – 1828 ) and Mary Todd Hubbard ( 1734 – 1830 ) , as the seventh of eight children.
Default rates on junk bonds peaked at 10 @.@ 7 percent in January 2002 according to Moody 's.
Grass is the guinea pig 's natural diet.
The results of this research may be used in captive @-@ breeding programmes for endangered species ..
This is in addition to the 12 @,@ 500 new graduates the <unk> System produces every year who enter the workforce in Houston and throughout the state of Texas.
Students also acquire science research skills to deepen their proficiency in Sciences ..
The <unk> version of Hákonar saga Hákonarsonar , the most authoritative version of the saga , gives a much more illustrative account ; although it does not specifically state that Guðrøðr travelled with the fleet from Norway.
The original plate was still being used into the 1660s , and then disappears.
The dunes protect the beaches from erosion during winter storms , and continue growing until the surface of Lake Erie freezes in the winter ..
Apart from World Champion , Grandmaster is the highest title a chess player can attain.
Edmund McMillen from Team Meat , the developer of the indie game Super Meat Boy , created various accounts on PETA 's official forums to try to get his game parodied by PETA.
Over the winter months , the Autódromo José Carlos Pace race track was resurfaced in an attempt to reduce its <unk>.
In 1930 , he became Chief of Staff of the United States Army.
Edge made his way to the ring and nailed Triple H with a vicious Spear.
Chubut , Neuquén , Río Negro , Santa Cruz , and Tierra del Fuego are the provinces that make up Patagonia ..
In 1987 , the Chicago Sun @-@ Times described Brooks ' career as " a non @-@ stop crescendo.
According to Jam , he , Lewis and Jackson chose to isolate themselves to compose the record.
The first reptilian @-@ human breeding programmes took place 200 @,@ 000 – 300 @,@ 000 years ago ( perhaps creating Adam ) , and the third ( and latest ) 7 @,@ 000 years ago.
Brisbane artist and gallerist Michael Eather has likened her work not only to that of Emily , but also to Australian abstract impressionist artist Tony <unk> ..
It was not explored until Ferdinand Hayden and his team surveyed it in 1873.
After Grant retired from the screen , he became more active in business.
Hundreds of Stereoscopic View cards of the falls exist.
The house , on 8232 avenue de Gaspé near Jarry Park , was Robinson 's residence when he played for the Montreal Royals during 1946.
Cole , Minor , and another production designer , Rick Sternbach , worked together with Povill to devise faster ways of shooting new footage.
In some cases , the water supply system ’ s pressure is not adequate , increasing the risk of bacterial contamination ..
" Ebony and Ivory " was McCartney 's record 28th single to hit number one on the Billboard 100.
Along with much rarer ankylosaurians and pachycephalosaurs , all of these animals would have been prey for a diverse array of carnivorous theropods , including troodontids , dromaeosaurids , and caenagnathids.
These armies , however , were ill @-@ suited to besieging castles , whether the older motte @-@ and @-@ bailey designs or the newer , stone @-@ built keeps.
Wolves typically commence feeding by consuming the larger internal organs of their prey , such as the heart , liver , lungs and stomach lining.
Humiliated , Amba undertook great austerities , and the gods granted her wish to be the cause of Bhishma 's death.
Team @-@ mate Bill Roe described Newton as a useful batsman who favoured playing balls on his pads.
The scenes are very similar.
With the passing of the Land Drainage Act 1930 , the Welland Catchment Board was created.
They are escorted up the <unk> valley by a greedy farting albino.
The National Park Service was given the responsibility to ensure that only rehabilitations that preserved the historic character of a building would qualify for federal tax incentives.
Lorenzo Campeggio was close to Medici and served as cardinal protector to Germany at the time of Medici 's election.
The refit began on 8 April at the Cantieri Riuniti dell 'Adriatico shipyard ..
Local churches , sections , and district councils are able to establish new churches.
She was protected by steel armor ; her armored belt was 17 @.@ 75 in ( 451 mm ) thick , and her armored deck was 3 in ( 76 mm ) thick.
What a great car.
Pere Marquette Railway : Grand Rapids Flyer and Grand Rapids Express to Grand Rapids and Muskegon , Michigan and , ultimately to Buffalo , New York.
The 1966 edition was the last to be published after the Civil Rights Act of 1964 made the guide effectively obsolete , by outlawing racial discrimination in public accommodations.
<unk> , hemicellulose , and pectin @-@ like carbohydrates — all indigestible by humans — contribute to the nutritionally desirable high proportion of insoluble fibre in B. edulis ..
Those talks stalled in October 2007.
The full official name , after 1997 , is " Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China ".
" She characterises the final design as resembling " a giant kebab ".
The lawsuit named Madonna , Warner Bros. Records , and Mondino as defendants.
Smith was sacked after a poor start , but his replacement Colin Todd failed to improve the club 's form , and Todd was sacked and replaced with John Gregory , with similarly poor results.
I was like , ' Your fans are going to be so mad at you.
Sirtis praised this development , as she felt she had been overlooked during the first season due to the presence of both Gates McFadden and Denise Crosby ..
The international use of Greek , however , was one factor enabling the spread of Christianity , as indicated for example by the use of Greek for the Epistles of Paul ..
Armed with the knowledge of how the ancient Nords defeated Alduin , the player battles Alduin on the summit of the Throat of the World.
The first storm formed on June 1.
Loewenstein remarks that readers in 1980 had a tendency to reject that kind of reality in Bannon 's stories.
" Cool " is a mid @-@ tempo love song featuring a synthpop and new wave production.
UCF went three @-@ and @-@ out , and on their punt , the snap went over the punter 's head , and Penn State got the ball at the UCF 25.
His signature project was the construction of Denver Municipal Airport , which began in 1929 amidst heavy criticism.
The lying bastards ! On the package Brown & Williamson promised to kill me.
Its 6 @-@ pound ( 2 @.@ 7 kg ) shell was fired at a muzzle velocity of 1 @,@ 765 ft / s ( 538 m / s ) and a rate of fire of 20 rounds per minute.
In May 2015 , a lane in the <unk> area of Exeter , in the English county of Devon , was named Blue Jay Way after the song.
Selena and Quintanilla III immediately liked it ; Quintanilla III said he wanted Selena to include it on her album.
Additionally , Jack Horner has identified fragmentary lambeosaurine jaws from the Bearpaw Formation of Montana as possibly belonging to L. magnicristatus ; these represent the first lambeosaurine remains from marine rocks.
Songwriter Robert B. Sherman ( of the Sherman Brothers ) bore witness to the deal being forged between Hill and Range co @-@ owner Jean Aberbach and The Colonel in 1955.
Lindwall had limited opportunities on a sticky wicket which favoured the slower bowling of O ’ Reilly and Toshack , who took eight and seven wickets respectively.
Websites to be blocked feature pornography showing rape , bestiality , child sex abuse , small @-@ breasted women ( who may appear under the legal age ) , and female ejaculation.
The road heads northeastward as a two @-@ lane highway , paralleling Owego Creek as it proceeds along the base of a valley surrounding the waterway.
This is a building that exploits the plastic capacity of concrete , with two intersecting shells forming a bell tower.
On 19 May 1938 , the Canadian government listed Bengough as a Person of National Historic Significance and dedicated a plaque to him at 66 Charles Street East in Toronto.
1990 : Guggenheim Fellowship ..
Sabotage by a disgruntled crewman.
The atmospheric 14C / 12C ratio is lower in the southern hemisphere , with an apparent additional age of 30 years for radiocarbon results from the south as compared to the north.
They then won various cup competitions between 1965 and 1996.
The Jets hosted the Raiders at Shea Stadium on a windy December afternoon to determine who would play in Super Bowl III against the NFL champions , who proved to be the Baltimore Colts.
The song was written by Derulo , Stevie Hoang , David Paich and Jeff Porcaro , while production was handled by RedOne , BeatGeek and Geo Slam.
At one 1958 promenade concert Barbirolli and the Hallé played a replica of Charles Hallé 's first concert with the orchestra in 1858 ..
She has since moved to distance herself with the method since the International Federation for Equestrian Sports ( FEI ) declared in February 2010 that this method " is seen as an aggressive way of a deep moving horse.
Washington to Congress ( December 24 , 1776 ) : Library of Congress , George Washington Papers , Series 3 , Subseries A , Letterbook 2 ..
It also expanded into social media and mobile marketing.
The total cost of the bridge was just under £ 50 @,@ 000 ( equivalent to £ 4 @,@ 300 @,@ 000 in 2015 ).
Receiving her primary school education at St. <unk> Höhere <unk> , Massaquoi quickly mastered German.
The historian and antiquary Sir George Buc served as Deputy Master of the Revels from 1603 and as Master of the Revels from 1610 to 1622.
Bellaire High School was established in 1955 ..
Passenger traffic on the old North Somerset line ceased on 2 November 1959 and many more closures followed after the publication of Dr Beeching 's The Reshaping of British Railways in 1963.
" 10 Boxes : Everything I 've Ever Thought About , I Put Inside a Box " in 2000 was Wong 's first solo exhibition.
Taking command , he ordered Anders and Lovell to get some sleep and that the rest of the flight plan regarding observing the Moon be scrubbed.
The first series and most of the second were adapted in this way , but later series saw only a few releases and a transition from print to e @-@ books ..
The film was directed by Len Wiseman and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane.
It was also used to store additional fuel oil and increased her capacity to a total of 9 @,@ 748 long tons ( 9 @,@ 904 t ).
Proto Man 's original Japanese name , Blues , was changed by Capcom 's North American division despite Inafune 's protests.
In 2005 Lapidge reflected :.
En route to US positions , Iowa again bombarded Sŏngjin , destroying several railroad tunnels and bridges in the area.
Lemon 's hitting skills began to get attention as well.
The Yankees reached the 1928 World Series , winning their sixth pennant in eight years , and defeated the Cardinals 4 games to 0.
The German newspapers were among the many from across Europe that attacked Schumacher.
The group then zoom aimlessly around the city on flying surfboards.
Groening also expressed a wish to make Simpstasia , a parody of Fantasia ; it was never produced , partly because it would have been too difficult to write a feature @-@ length script.
Afterwards he participated in the Battle of Badajoz where he was struck by a cannonball and killed on 11 March 1812 , at the age of twelve years ..
Hetfield and Mustaine wanted McGovney to leave because they thought he " didn 't contribute anything , he just followed ".
Reviewers noted the study 's importance in developing Pagan studies as an academic discipline and helping further the wider sociological investigation into new religious movements in the United States.
Now I have nothing.
As a snake , he has no limbs , yet wears a T @-@ shirt ( why is never explained ).
The texts convey a sense of tension between the traditional boyar aristocracy and the peasant category , closely reflecting , according to historian Philip Longworth , a conflict mounting during the second half of the 19th century.
DFB @-@ Pokal : 2015 – 16.
The 71 Arriva service between <unk> and Maidstone Town Centre ( Via Allington ) passes through Ditton every 10 minutes ( Monday - Saturday ) and every 30 minutes ( Sunday ).
After failing to discover a way to immunize biological beings from the parasite , the Didact used a device called the Composer to convert the warriors under his command into digital versions immune to infection.
It is unclear when the practice of writing and giving kvitelach began.
Several expeditions charted the Colorado in the mid @-@ 19th century , one of which , led by John Wesley Powell in 1869 , was the first to run the rapids of the Grand Canyon.
Arsenal had conceded only three goals throughout the 1993 – 94 staging of the Cup Winners ' Cup , and beat Italian side Parma by a single goal to win the final.
Across the way , Mr. Speaker , sit the purveyors of gloom who would endeavour for political purposes , to panic the Canadian people ... They had a warning ... Did they tell us that ? No.
Earnest recording of the album began in 2006 , according to a Spears ' representative.
Heavy rainfall flooded many streams , which closed or damaged several highways , bridges , and rail lines.
Although it lacks the density and character of larger , more established enclaves , it has been referred to as " Little Seoul " — being the commercial center for the Hampton Roads Korean community ..
In the CCF , he took the role of disciplinarian and dealt with internal organizational problems.
Each issue focuses on Duke , Destro , The Baroness and Snake Eyes respectively.
On the April 19 episode , Richards defeated King to advance to the finals.
A car accident on 22 September 2015 at Streatham , Victoria during a Thirsty Merc tour killed the band 's stage manager and injured drummer Mick Skelton ..
The period is considered to have been an adverse situation for all concerned , as unpredictable changes in exchange rates reduced overall international trade ..
He believed Cyrus and Hemsworth had " great chemistry " while filming The Last Song and brought it into the set of the video.
Their appropriation and adaptation of classical models sparked the development of a new kind of guitar virtuosity [ and ] changes in the harmonic and melodic language of heavy metal.
Aristocrates , who was commanding a regiment of hoplites in Piraeus , arrested the extremist general Alexicles ; enraged , the extremist leaders of the 400 demanded action , and made a number of threats against Theramenes and his party.
Other eye conditions which appear in the breed include cataracts in juveniles , corneal dystrophy , progressive retinal atrophy and posterior vitreous detachment.
The Chandos Glass Cone was built in 1725 as a glasswork firing kiln by James Brydges , 1st Duke of Chandos as part of an industrial development.
The Overlord then turns to the Dwarven Golden Hills and their leader Goldo <unk> , who has become greedy for gold.
In the view of his biographer Hugh Macdonald , Massenet 's main influences were Gounod and Thomas , with Meyerbeer and Berlioz also important to his style.
Of significant sociological concern is a lack of jobs and housing.
While the siege continued , he marched to Lingen with his army to intercept a corps of reiters who were being recruited in Germany under Elizabeth I 's orders.
The now defunct Tucson punk band The Weird Lovemakers assumed the name in 1994 and held it until their disbandment in 2000.
Violation of the first condition introduces a flow dependency , corresponding to the first segment producing a result used by the second segment.
Bungie released several map packs for Halo 2 , both over Xbox Live and on game discs.
This allows faster train @-@ size changes without having to move the train to a switching yard.
This section of Route 16 became part of Route 15 in 1921.
Public transportation is available by bus and light rail , managed by regional transit agency TriMet.
Mark Bell – producer , programmer.
This became shortened to " Deak " ..
The name of the plantation on which she was born , " <unk> , " was a portmanteau of both her mother and father 's nicknames ..
In 1986 , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) voted to allow all athletes to compete in Olympic Games starting in 1988.
Am I going to continue to do it ? Yes , I 'm going to continue to do it.
The 179th episode of the series overall , it was originally broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on September 21 , 1997.
M. nigrocincta ants are diurnal and do not hibernate.
In February 1950 , Hooper 's competitor A. C. Nielsen bought out the <unk> system.
It was released on Region 2 DVD on June 2 , 2003 by Prism Leisure.
It was originally announced the game would be in stores by late 1993 or early 1994 , with Sierra announcing it would be released no later than the fall of 1994.
Guards were hired to protect the highly sought after piece of film memorabilia during the day of its use.
At the beginning of the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War in 1937 , she transported a battalion of naval troops to the Shanghai area.
Villages in the northern , Somerset part of the hills include Staple Fitzpaine , Buckland St Mary , <unk> , <unk> and <unk>.
They introduced the zebu , a type of long @-@ horned humped cattle , which they kept in large herds ..
Coulter became a mentor for the first season of The Voice Australia in 2012 , and paired up with coach Seal to prepare the contestants in his team for the show 's battle rounds.
An archaeological site in Chile has been dated to around 15 @,@ 000 years ago , suggesting cacti would have been encountered before then.
At a hotel , Borat , just out of the bath , sees Azamat masturbating over a picture of Pamela Anderson in the Baywatch booklet.
In the United States , three of them , Leo Szilard , Eugene Wigner and Albert Einstein , were moved to write the Einstein – Szilárd letter to United States President Roosevelt warning of the danger.
In his career as a whole , he took 1 @,@ 673 first @-@ class wickets at an average of 15 @.@ 54.
The ballcourt was originally coated in stucco painted in a variety of colours ; very little of this coating now remains.
<unk> systems used on the ground provide the ability to home in on the transponder 's location , a technique that was widely used with the Mk.
Patrick St. Michael , writing for The Japan Times , said the composition wasn 't an “ improvement ” but commented that it was “ simple , catchy pop ”.
Smith went and had a brief talk with the writing staff , responding to his worries that it was a part of a " cliffhanger ".
Other Hungarian forces occupied the Yugoslavian regions of Prekmurje and Međimurje.
She also received a wildcard entry into the main draw of Miami and used her protected ranking to enter into the qualifying of Charleston but lost in the first round at both events ..
Later , Isair and Madae locate the group with information from Nym.
That is , the slope of the tangent touching the graph of the base @-@ b logarithm at the point ( x , logb ( x ) ) equals 1 / ( x ln ( b ) ) ..
Alex soon discovers that many more people have gone missing in Shepherd 's Glen since he left when he finds his childhood friend Elle Holloway pinning " missing " signs to a board outside the police department.
The head is twice as long than broad , and it is widest behind the eyes.
Carey performed " Fantasy " in France and at the 23rd Annual American Music Awards on January 29 , 1996.
In 22 games , Umbricht had a 9 – 6 win – loss record with a 2 @.@ 35 earned run average in 142 innings pitched ..
A butler dressed in a white tuxedo greets the boy when he appears , only to lock him in a room with several attack robots.
Some civil servants complained that they were not getting salaries on time.
The biggest factor for this lack of acceptance was the marked change in Britain 's strategic circumstances between their conception and the commissioning of the first ships.
Theodore and Samantha reconcile.
Khalid argued that he had conquered the city by force.
I didn 't wanted [ ' Artpop ' ] to grow too much , I wanted it to kind of hypnotize people and become like a mantra ..
The lack of forelimb pronation meant that Plateosaurus was an obligate ( i.e. unable to walk in any other way ) biped.
Will Schuester is now coaching rival club Vocal Adrenaline , while Blaine is coaching the Dalton Academy Warblers.
On the world map , a day @-@ night cycle alters the types of enemies present , and after a certain point in the story an airship can be used to speed up travel and access previously inaccessible areas.
At a council at Kingston upon Thames in 838 , Egbert and Æthelwulf granted land to the sees of Winchester and Canterbury in return for the promise of support for Æthelwulf 's claim to the throne.
The ballad " Shadow " talks about how reminders of a lover can still linger after he ’ s gone.
Lisa pronounces that Bart is back to being his normal , dumb self ..
Since it was her birthday the day before , Mia was asked to sit in the centre and each student was adorned with a marigold garland.
He assumed the post in July 1925.
He retreated along with Lee 's army in the Appomattox Campaign ..
The performance at Rome 's Olympic Stadium — located near the Vatican — was condemned as an act of hostility toward the Roman Catholic Church by religious leaders.
Living in Phoenix , he went to work for Hensley & Co.
Jack McCain was a submarine commander in several theaters of operation in World War II and was decorated with both the Silver Star and Bronze Star ..
An additional six questions were asked at the 1913 referendum , on Trade and Commerce , Corporations , Industrial Matters , Trusts , Monopolies , and Railway Disputes.
, " Till the World Ends " is set in the compound meter time signature , with a moderate dance beat infused metronome of 132 beats per minute.
Michael Cooper ( 1984 ) erected a new family , the Vulcanodontidae , which he regarded as the " rootstock " for later sauropod families.
Many graduates have also served as Members of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons , including , Tony Valeri , the Government House Leader ; and Lawrence Pennell , the Solicitor General of Canada.
In a list compiled by the IGN staff in September 2010 , Peggle was listed as the 10th best Xbox Live Arcade of all time ..
Professors of Indonesian culture Krishna Sen and David T. Hill suggest that Noer 's creative input was minimal.
Cartledge , Paul ; Spawforth , Antony ( 1989 ).
According to Nielsen Media Research , the episode was seen by 3 @.@ 5 million viewers , making it the most watched cable television program of the night ..
1936 and to Saratoga Springs in the early 1950s , supplanting several other routes ( including New York State Route 9K ) in the process ..
How Franck welcomed an invitation to join our project ! It was a vote of confidence that far exceeded his hopes , and it gave him a chance to do his part for the cause of freedom.
Highlands , a type of tune in 4 / 4 time with some similarities to Scottish <unk> , which are also played in Donegal , are one of the most commonly played types of tune in the county.
The altar was in a socket of a big stone slab supported by four columns , each topped by a coin ; one of these was dated to 141 @-@ 161 AD ..
Amid rumors that the band was disbanding due to Cobain 's health , Nirvana headlined the closing night of England 's 1992 Reading Festival , where Cobain personally programmed the performance lineup.
When Angelou wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings at the end of the 1960s , one of the necessary and accepted features of literature , according to critic Pierre A. Walker , was thematic unity.
To the north , at Mulberry Street , lies Brandling primary school ; another good , smaller than average @-@ sized school.
The Capon Chapel property consists of the church structure ( c.
The following two seasons saw Dozzell as a regular starter for the team , with 18 goals from 88 appearances.
The mayor of Gotham , who appoints Gordon Police Commissioner for saving his life and arresting the Joker ..
The plants found in the carcass included needles of the conifer <unk> elegans , twigs from conifer and broadleaf trees , and numerous small seeds or fruits.
Her storyline made daytime television history by having the first instance in a soap opera of two women in bed making love.
In September 2015 , Square Enix announced Kingdom Hearts HD 2 @.@ 8 Final Chapter Prologue.
Hindus believe that death in the city will bring salvation , making it a major centre for pilgrimage.
Some things may go wrong in one ’ s life but they are corrected in the other life.
The first C3 Picasso was assembled in December 2007 at the PSA Trnava Plant in west Slovakia , which Citroën announced from France in July 2008 would be the sole manufacturer of the model.
Although he depicted Pavo on his chart , Bayer did not assign its stars Bayer designations.
For our children ’ s children , and for those people out there whose voices have been drowned out by the politics of greed ..
Ruby Blue mixes electronica with early twentieth century vocal jazz , an interest of Herbert 's.
It also intended to open 2013 Middle East locations in Abu Dhabi , Dubai , Kuwait and Riyadh.
Yet he was troubled , struggling to come to terms with his sexuality , which was predominantly gay.
This may develop into central neurological symptoms ..
The aye @-@ aye is almost universally viewed unfavorably across Madagascar , though the tales vary from village to village and region to region.
On 26 June 2015 , on the anniversary of the debut of the first book , Rowling revealed via Twitter that the Harry Potter stage play would be called Harry Potter and The Cursed Child.
Forrest appeared in 263 games for Ipswich Town , 30 games for West Ham United , and 3 games for Chelsea.
Since 2006 , more than 28 @,@ 000 jobs have been added to the city.
The second most populous municipality , Kumanovo , had 107 @,@ 632 inhabitants in 2011 , and an urban unit of 76 @,@ 272 inhabitants in 2002 ..
Several other music critics have compared " Déjà Vu " to Beyoncé 's 2003 single , " Crazy in Love " , the lead single of her debut album.
Former BC Lions placekicker Lui Passaglia has resided in Coquitlam for over 20 years.
Scully tells Doggett to pour water on it , which stops the flashes.
The process depends on the type of broaching being performed.
In the return fixture , Charles Partridge 's " magnificent performance " in goal kept the score down to a 2 – 1 defeat , as Small Heath finished third in the four @-@ team division ..
The music video has won several awards and accolades.
The track is unknown for the following five days , until another ship reported a hurricane about 20 miles ( 32 km ) north of Anegada in the British Virgin Islands.
The Super Quiz Resource Guide is a compendium of previously published articles , whereas the other Resource Guides are composed by individual writers under contract with USAD.
England thus qualified for the semi @-@ finals against New Zealand.
" Summer Sixteen " debuted at number six on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , and proved controversial , with Drake comparing his standing in hip hop to more tenured artists.
Advancing further east , I. Battalion lost formation and suffered heavy attacks from Partisan forces who also infiltrated between the companies and attacked their flanks and rear.
Note : Each season is September – August.
Edward <unk> who has argued that Dostoyevsky was a skilled craftsman , highly conscious of the formal pattern in his art , has likened the structure of Crime and Punishment to a " flattened X " , saying :.
These lemurs are also significant pollinators of the traveller 's tree ( Ravenala madagascariensis ).
At this point , the route turns southeastward and crosses the Upper Hudson River Railroad at @-@ grade before passing over the Hudson River on the Thurman Station Bridge.
Rescue boats were used to rescue stranded residents.
Sometimes Venus only grazes the Sun during a transit.
The likely candidates were Duhalde , De la Sota , and Carlos Ruckauf , the governor of the Buenos Aires province at the time.
He soon retired from the convention , returning to his hotel to await the outcome.
Villani and his brother Matteo transferred most of their economic activities to the Buonaccorsi firm by 1322.
The album charted at number 21 on the Billboard 200 , number 1 on Top Independent Albums , number 2 on Hard Rock Albums , number 21 on Digital Albums , and number 5 on the Alternative Albums charts.
The Punishment ( 2013 ).
The first episode was noted at the time for weaving four separate storylines into a single episode , the first in a trend of multiple subplots in each Homicide show.
He would later refer to this period using a French term , l <unk> <unk> ( " the vagrant school " ) , and stressed that " [ it ] was of great use to me ".
The finished blades were just over eight feet long , made of three laminations of glued spruce.
This led to the creation of an IT system that tracked McKinsey engagements , a process to centralize knowledge from each practice area and a resource directory of internal experts.
Portraits of Washington on medals and in other media subsequent to the sculptor 's visit were most often based on Houdon 's work , beginning with the 1786 " Washington Before Boston " medal engraved by Pierre Simon <unk>.
His <unk> is the bounty hunter William J. Johns ( Cole Hauser ) ; the two have had previous encounters.
Frank vowed to appeal , saying " you don 't like to lose , but it 's a good case to take to the appellate court.
BMC 's record at the early @-@ season single day races ended with a series of near misses in May and June.
A senior executive for entertainment conglomerate Viacom , which owns MTV , VH1 , and many radio formats , commented they were " absolutely bailing on the record.
In the manga she has brown ankle @-@ length hair , although her hair is ginger for the anime.
Steve Claridge holds the shortest tenure at the club , having been in charge for a period of 36 days without ever taking charge of a first @-@ team game.
At the completion of the 2014 @-@ 15 academic year , 1 @,@ 124 students graduated from WesternU.
Construction began on the new bypass of Marshalls Creek in 2005 , with Phase I of the project , which wrapped up in 2007 under the eye of J.D. Eckman Inc.
The song also performed well in Europe.
Law & Order : Criminal Intent is the third series in the Law & Order crime drama franchise , which was created by Dick Wolf in 1990.
DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson thought the episode was " good but not great " , despite " more than a few strong moments , like the hilarious shot of Bart at the gay rights parade.
Laika , a stray dog from the streets of Moscow , was selected to be the occupant of the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2 that was launched into outer space on November 3 , 1957 ..
Nash - a junior premier of the floating city of Vane , often prone to rash decisions and occasionally despair ..
In 1911 , he was appointed secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club , overseeing the development of the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ) into a stadium capable of holding over 70 @,@ 000 spectators.
SCUM Manifesto ( 1967 ).
Low @-@ energy @-@ density foods with high <unk> power may be useful tools for weight management.
Former Prime Minister of Jamaica Portia Simpson @-@ Miller has expressed an intention to oversee the process required to change Jamaica to a republic by 2012 ; she originally stated this would be complete by August of that year.
The Portuguese left little influence , but English culture and music helped shape the island 's heritage.
It talks about women basically listening to their inner voice and knowing that they will never disappoint themselves.
The Dodgers returned to the 1965 World Series.
Wan and Whannell initially refused , due to lack of traveling funds but the pair 's agent , Stacey <unk> , convinced them to go.
Nemesis is a character taken directly from the game , and the " STARS " are mentioned on numerous occasions ..
On the other hand , Penda might have killed Eadfrith for his own reasons.
Congress also settled the issue of Chinese immigration , passing the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1882.
While panicked , enemies take more damage from attacks and spells.
In part this was due to the priority that military consumption and production necessarily had over civilian , however , there was also a considerable scarcity of raw materials and other components required for manufacturing.
Armies would either be annihilated or , in less favorable circumstances , perform an organised retreat to a new defensive line on river Crna.
With Erin 's encouragement , Andy decides to take the boat to the Caribbean himself.
Interstate 495 ( I @-@ 495 ) is a 11 @.@ 47 @-@ mile ( 18 @.@ 46 km ) long Interstate highway in the U.S. state of Delaware.
In Nova Scotia , Governor Lawrence had easily captured Fort Beauséjour , and had then embarked on what has since become known as the Great Expulsion , the forcible removal of more than 12 @,@ 000 Acadians from Nova Scotia.
Investigation into these anecdotes has found correlations ..
On March 20 , Howard blocked five shots , his career high , against the Portland Trail Blazers.
The proscenium was inspired by Gehry 's 2001 flagship store for Issey Miyake in New York City , which has sculptured titanium that represents <unk>.
Pussy versus Putin is a 2013 documentary film chronicling the history of the group , directed by the Russian film collective , Gogol 's Wives.
To <unk> a message from another Twitter user and share it with one 's own followers , a user can click the retweet button within the Tweet ..
Duke 's high graduation rates have earned it more AFCA Academic Achievement Awards than any other institution ..
The novel was popular in 1956 when it was publicised.
However this meant the station may not have been completed until 2020 ..
The album comprises eight tracks of unaccompanied and improvised experimental rock music played on prepared guitars by Frith without any overdubbing ..
This unique feature allows them to remain in places without access to the air , respiring through their skins.
The absolute Finnhorse speed record is <unk> , held by the stallion <unk>.
Sun Bin 's treatise is the only known military text surviving from the Warring States period discovered in the twentieth century and bears the closest similarity to The Art of War of all surviving texts ..
A little after midnight , the brigade left Akavish and moved westward to the Yard , an area 700 meters long and 150 meters wide surrounded by protective sand walls.
When he went into space he was 53 years old , making him one of the oldest rookie astronauts ..
Richards was well equipped with starting pitchers during that year.
The stations were in the heart of the North East coal field , which at the time of their opening had hundreds of collieries.
Later scoring his 45th goal in his 42nd game , he broke Joe Malone 's goal scoring record.
In disarray , the Neapolitan army fled back to Naples , with the pursuing French close behind.
Neither the exhausted but radicalized Solidarity nor the ruling establishment was willing or able to back down and , in the era of Brezhnev , there could be no peaceful resolution to the situation that developed.
It 's a great idea which we support wholeheartedly.
Despite these restrictions , the class was capable of hauling heavy loads at moderate speeds , a useful attribute that was exploited throughout the Second World War.
In 1918 they were converted to light horse as the 14th and 15th Light Horse Regiments ..
Sehli had attempted to organise something similar at the French Grand Prix before the FIA Photographers ' Delegate stopped him in the pit lane 10 laps before the race ended.
The highway passes through protected rural areas in northern York Region and encounters rolling countryside in Simcoe County south of Barrie.
Davis upset the careful planning by accepting election to the Senate by the state of Illinois and refusing to serve on the commission.
The family moved to Chillicothe in the free state of Ohio , where Virginia grew up in its thriving black community.
This is a microscopic fraction in comparison to the 100 billion stars that compose a galaxy.
In December 2006 DC Comics imprint Wildstorm began publishing new comic books about Jason Voorhees under the Friday the 13th moniker.
The song was more successful in European nations.
Based on seven chapters of manuscript , plus a three @-@ page outline of the rest of the story , Epstein bought the book ..
A French language audio track is also available only in 5 @.@ 1 Dolby Digital Format.
In the United Kingdom , " 1 Thing " debuted and peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart in late May 2005.
Swift commented , " I always thought that one of the biggest overlooked problems American girls face is insecurity.
Main articles : Leicester City F.C. and Nottingham Forest F.C. rivalry , Derby County F.C. and Leicester City F.C. rivalry , M69 derby.
The U @-@ 93 struggled back to the Sylt nine days later ..
Nobunaga then left or was driven out soon afterward.
Lead poisoning in a pet dog may indicate that children in the same household are at increased risk for elevated lead levels ..
The signs and symptoms of malaria typically begin 8 – 25 days following infection ; however , symptoms may occur later in those who have taken antimalarial medications as prevention.
To be a child of Kāli , Rāmprasād asserts , is to be denied of earthly delights and pleasures.
By 1880 , however , membership had increased to 124 families , and finances had improved.
Upon arriving , the trio exit the pod only to discover that they have been turned into a three @-@ headed monster , their bodies merging into one during the transfer.
The route was proposed to be part of the Great River Road , but it was not included in the most recent reiteration of the route ..
Surface currents only affect the top few hundred meters ( yards ) of the sea , but there are also large @-@ scale flows in the ocean depths caused by the movement of deep water masses.
Track Piles : Douglas Fir.
Australia then faced and drew with Lancashire for the second time on the tour.
